Excellent home made italian food and a VERY charming staff. We just loved the vegatarian Ravioli and the seafood. A small challenge occured when we arrived. Our booking for two was occupied by four. The situation was handled with delicasy as we were offered a free meal on our return an hour later, with a promise even to keep the kitchen open all night in order to feed us. We made a deal to split in the bill in two after intens negotiations as the owner insisted on providing the entire meal free. After a fabulous meal the deal was broken as the owner still insisted with a charming message to provide us with a 100% free meal, just charging a bottle of wine. The charming dispute that followed was finalised as we insisted on our right to provide tip at our discretion which produced a happy ending. Top food, excellent informal atmospher for someone who want to experience something extraordinary.All the best to the charming ItalianKjersti (and Tor)
Booked for peak time and had to wait 15 minutes for our table - was very generously offered a drink whilst we were waiting !Restaurant was very busy but management and waiting staff and even the chef were on top form.OK so this is not smart dining but the ambience is excellent as was what we ate - we shared the mixed appetizer plate with one of bread, olives and oil and this was great quality and really sufficient for two. His steak was thick and cooked to order and my pizza was great although I could not manage to eat it all - direct from the open pizza oven it was good and thin with masses of topping. Puddings are home made and we managed to make good inroads into a big portion of tiramisu and a cheesecake. Wine by the glass was fine.The overall experience is great fun with a lot of humour from the management and interaction with other diners .Will return but this time might be less piggy and share one of the pizzas as a main course but who knows...................Give it a whirl - have no doubt you will enjoy the experience ................
This place gave our family that little extra, that me us come back for more. Good food, service and affordable prices. /the swedes