Excellent home made italian food and a VERY charming staff. We just loved the vegatarian Ravioli and the seafood. A small challenge occured when we arrived. Our booking for two was occupied by four. The situation was handled with delicasy as we were offered a free meal on our return an hour later, with a promise even to keep the kitchen open all night in order to feed us. We made a deal to split in the bill in two after intens negotiations as the owner insisted on providing the entire meal free. After a fabulous meal the deal was broken as the owner still insisted with a charming message to provide us with a 100% free meal, just charging a bottle of wine. The charming dispute that followed was finalised as we insisted on our right to provide tip at our discretion which produced a happy ending. Top food, excellent informal atmospher for someone who want to experience something extraordinary.All the best to the charming ItalianKjersti (and Tor)
Booked for peak time and had to wait 15 minutes for our table - was very generously offered a drink whilst we were waiting !Restaurant was very busy but management and waiting staff and even the chef were on top form.OK so this is not smart dining but the ambience is excellent as was what we ate - we shared the mixed appetizer plate with one of bread, olives and oil and this was great quality and really sufficient for two. His steak was thick and cooked to order and my pizza was great although I could not manage to eat it all - direct from the open pizza oven it was good and thin with masses of topping. Puddings are home made and we managed to make good inroads into a big portion of tiramisu and a cheesecake. Wine by the glass was fine.The overall experience is great fun with a lot of humour from the management and interaction with other diners .Will return but this time might be less piggy and share one of the pizzas as a main course but who knows...................Give it a whirl - have no doubt you will enjoy the experience ................
This place gave our family that little extra, that me us come back for more. Good food, service and affordable prices. /the swedes
Went to Fiddies due to an excellent reputation for being fantastic food, great personal service and all at a reasonable price. We were not dissapointed!Myself and my partner had excellent bruschetta starter (which for us were large enough to share). Followed by two of the freshest, tastiest pizzas we had ever had. The price for what we got was excellent value.Fiddies is a small restaurant but packs big taste and value. This is compounded by the excellent wait staff who were attentive and very friendly. We throughly enjoyed the banter. The decor is nice and simple. Now one of our favourite restaurants! Would thoroughly recommend.thank you Fiddies!(The Norfolk students, visited 08/05/2016)
The amazing smell of fabulous Italian cooking hits you as soon as you walk through the door ! All of our dishes were superb - from the pizza - think the best I have tasted - the pasta - to the succulent spring chicken perfect for those on a health kick. We recommend it all - including the atmosphere! We will be back - and soon.
What a welcome, service and excellent food! Fantastic atmosphere- feels like you are at one big party!! We liked it so much that we returned for a second time during our short break! Don't stay in Swiss Cottage without a visit to Fiddies! Thank you so much! The Devon lot!!!!
I visited here recently with my family on a Saturday afternoonThere was a great variety of dishes on the menu to choose from The food was delicious and I was impressed to find the option of gluten free pasta on the menu, which a lot of other Italian restaurants don't offer Our children were wonderfully catered for and all their needs metThe restaurant is clean and well presented with an open kitchen, which I feel is always a great feature to have However the best part of the dining experience was catching up with Neo, the manager there Not only does he make everyone feel so welcome with his friendly attitude but he really knows how to engage with his customers and give that little extra to make the overall dining experience a pleasure We will definitely be returning very soonZoe xx
Local little Italian near Swiss Cottage and Finchley Road. Doesn't look anything from the street and we were a little apprehensive until we were so warmly greeted by the staff. It's not fancy at all just good, traditional Italian food in a friendly setting. I ordered lasagne and they didn't try and up-sell at all, assuring me that the portions were plenty big enough and they were quite right! Home cooked and dished up in the same way, all adding to the charm, delicious and we both had clean plates. We'll be going back!
A short stop in one high ranked italian. We had 2 different pasta and one calamari. The calamari tasted like rubbergum. The pasta was excellent and the wine was impresive for the price range. Overall a very frendly staff and a very good lunch!
Find a good Italian restaurant in London is not easy at all, if also cheap it is an extremely rare event! I have been here several times in different occasions. Warmly suggested to the simple Italian-food lovers. The chef Michele is a genuine and professional person, he often comes to take reservations directly to your table and he is willing to find the most customized solution for every client. Also the owner is really welcoming and friendly. I suggest main courses such as Parmigiana, Scoglio and Mushrooms. As the place is really tiny I recommend everybody to book a table in advance. Finally, they have many orders from Deliveroo and that may slowdown the kitchen but only occasionally. However, overall my feedback is excellent. Well done and see you soon guys!
Went here after reading a BBC article that Fiddies was currently the Number 1 rated restaurant in London and, being a pizza lover, thought we'd give it a try. We managed to get a booking on a late Sunday afternoon in March and after reading the on-line price list the first thing that struck me was that prices were on a par with the High Street chains so what could be so good for it to be voted Number 1?We were greeted as if we'd been going there every week, despite it being our first visit, asked where we'd come from, where would we prefer to sit; in short a genuinely friendly welcome. I ordered a simple pizza margarita and my fiancee opted for spaghetti Bolognese - not too daring but let's see what they can do with fairly basic dishes we thought. The answer was plenty and more - the quality of both dishes, freshness of ingredients (boxes of tomatoes were being delivered whilst we were there), presentation and service were simply excellent. Even with a birthday party for regular diners taking place during our visit the staff still found time to ask us how the meal was, did we need anything else and never rushed us to free up our table despite taking 'phone call after 'phone call of people trying to book a table. The Deliveroo drivers were constantly at the door for home deliveries yet still the food was brought out quickly and efficiently.We're down in London in a few weeks' time and will definitely be heading back to Fiddies once more. Brilliant food, staff, prices and above all deserving of its Number 1 rating.
I expected a lot seeing all the great reviews for Fiddie. We had pizzas and a side salad. The pizza's were both great. The side salad was horrid as it was tired.and over salty. My guess would be they put dressing on the salad way too early and left it.
Visited this evening after seeing Fiddie's was the top restaurant in London, we were not disappointed!! The food was really tasty and possibly the best Pizza I have had, my boyfriend also loved his pasta dish. The staff were also very attentive and good humoured. Will definitely be recommending to any friends who are also visiting London!!
This was my third visit to fiddies Was just walking by with my son and thought we could quickly have the lunch deal,This was the best pizza I've had in years....We shared a pizza and a pasta Pasta with meatballs was greatAnd the pizza " ivana" I think it was called was just lovely,The sun was shining so we sat outside and had a cold Peroni, I can highly recommend this place and will be back again and again,Great value lunch deal too at 6.95/6.95 with a beer or soft drink
Me and my cousin went to London for a week, and near our hostel was this restaurant, we enter... and... was one of the best treatments that I ever recibe, the owner is really funny, friendly and you can breath very confortable ambient. He care about everything and always trying to do everything perfect. the food, very very good and the service amazing!!from the two guys from Galicia supporters of FC Barcelona
On my boyfriend's birthday, while walking around London, we found a place called Fiddie's... and what a nice surprise it was Here, you feel home and warm, people are friendly and always checking if you need anything, make you laugh and even sing, and the food, Oh my god, the food is excelent and tastes so fresh!!Try it one day and you won't regret
Not quite sure what to expect but the welcome was warm, our waitress (Tanna) was lovely, friendly and helpful and all the food delicious. We were 6 people who all had different dishes and all really enjoyed what they had. We will definitely return.
Came to London for a weekend get a way and was advised to go to this restaurant. Great food great staff (especially the manager, very friendly) had a fab time! Would highly recommend coming here for tea.
The food was good. The starter (avocado tartar for £6.50) was absolutely fantastic, highly recommend! The main (special, pasta with lobster meat) was nothing special - it had no big pieces of meat just some small particles, rather disappointing to be honest. Tasted ok, but not at all exceptional. Very average. The place was packed, service was good but the decor was awful - felt like a fast food restaurant - with Formica tables and bright lights, very cold. Not the usual cosy family style Italian restaurant you'd expect. Would I go again? Possibly. If I do, I'll order 2 x avocado starters and forego the main :-) Would I rate Fiddie's as #1 restaurant in London? Are you kidding me?????!!!!
Had 2 fantastic visits! Very friendly and excellent service! Italian food to its finest! Definitely would recommend.
Was in London for my friends 40th Birthday and popped into Fiddie's for Lunch. Best gluten free pasta I have ever tasted and the sauce was delicious, all 3 off us really enjoyed our meal. The owner made us feel so welcome such a lovely man, definitely will be coming back great value as well. Thanks for a great start to our weekend.
Lovely staff and good food in generous servings. Had rather too much to eat before the theatre - but all tasty and topped by friendly accomodating staff. Thanks
This was the first time coming here and of course I was enticed by the rating on TripAdvisor. I was taking my partner out for our monthly meals and thought I'll go for something that was family orientated yet had delicious food - and Fiddie sure did not dissapoint! The atmosphere was great and even sitting in front of the door didn't bother us as we felt the warmth from the oven. The Calamari was great and the Garlic Bread was too. Got a Ragu myself whilst I saw the lady cut into some delicious Meatballs - with Fiddie coming up making jokes throughout the night, but still giving us time to be alone.To round things up I asked for a tea and though it wasn't on the menu it was brought to me in a lovely mug and it was kept off the bill as well! 2 delicious meals for £29.50!Will definitely be visiting again very very soon!
Fiddie's knows how to take care of their customers! From the moment they say hello to the moment you leave, you feel a part of the family. Outstanding food, good wine and a cozy neighborhood atmosphere made it a perfect night out.
Very good italian food. Nice, small restaurant in Swiss Cottage. The lasagne was great and the pizza was made like harts for my children and tasted good. We went back a second time,but then this little restaurant was full booked. Other People waited to get seated.
I stay away from home in London during the week for work, staying often at the Marriott in Swiss Cottage. One of the hardest things is finding good, healthy food as good as the best you can cook at home. If you find it, it means when you return home at the weekend, you don't mind going out for a meal with the family so much. This is that place for me. I had the lasagne for my main, it was as good as the lasagne I have eaten in Rome. Even the bread basket to start, perfectly toasted with good quality olive oil and balsamic to dip.On top of that, the service is exceptional. Don't be fooled by such a small place, it's like eating in a friend's lounge.And if I can't be bothered to leave the hotel, they will deliver it around the corner for me. Try it, it's worth it.
Just had a great pizza with my son. Perfect location for pre-theatre meal. Good value and very clean.
It was fine the bruschetta was nice, the pasta was a little over cooked. it's not bad but it's definitely not the best Italian or best restaurant in London and I don't know how it became top on trip advisor.
We came all the way from Philadelphia to get some GREAT Italian food in London. Boy, did we find the place! Fiddie himself offered us frank advice on what to eat. We had Caesar salad against his advice (Fiddie: Why would anyone eat Caesar salad? It's just lettuce. You can have our salad with tomato, onions and more.) and skipped gnocchi (Fiddie: Why would anyone eat gnocchi? It's just bits of dough.) but the Carbonara and Bolognese were out of this world. Limoncello and Limonbucca (don't ask) were just right to top off the evening. Fiddie's is tasty, intimate and FUN. Can't wait to come back.
Fantastic dinner at a packed out Fiddies last night (perhaps book ahead!). I chose the Carbonara and my partner a Tuna pizza which we both wolfed down. Lovely manager/owner made for a very welcoming environment. Bruchetta for starters was absolutely delicious and highly recommended. We'll be back very soon no doubt!
I think I can safely say that the food here is the closest to genuine Italian cuisine outside of Italy and the kitchen staff are Italian! I have already sampled two different pasta dishes and a pizza over three visits - all delicious and very good value. The service is very friendly and efficient, without being overly effusive - a thing we hate. We look forward to making this a regular haunt, bringing friends and family.
I had a lovely sit down meal for two with wine just before Christmas. The salmon pasta is my favourite and I will definitely be back soon for more! The staff are lovely too, creating such a friendly atmosphere!
I have been to eat here a few times with my friends and every time we go the food is absolutely amazing! The friendly atmosphere makes us all feel comfortable, and with a bottle of wine to share it is becoming our favourite place to eat on the weekends! My favourite dish is the salmon pasta, and the calamari, and the garlic bread with cheese. The list is endless! Can't recommend this place enough!
A real find! As we walked from the tube station at 6pm towards Fiddie's we passed several restaurants which were virtually empty. So on arrival it came as a shock to find that Fiddie's had just enough room to seat the 3 of us: the reason soon became obvious. After a very warm greeting, we were soon presented with the menu that would surely suit all tastes. We each chose different dishes - all of which were judged as absolutely delicious with extremely generous portions - and the wine (primotivo di salento) perfect. Throughout the meal we were treated as though we were the only diners there. This was our first visit but it certainly will not be our last. Thanks Fiddie's.
From the moment the phone was picked up to make the booking, the service was friendly and informal. I knew we were going to have a nice meal before going to Hampstead Theatre. And I was not disappointed. Its 5 (slow) mins walk from the theatre so perfect pre- show. Starter; Watermelon, feta & rocket salad - simple & full of flavour. Main course - pasta special of octopus, prawn and tomato over spaghetti all washed down with a bottle of Pinot Grigio. DELICIOUS. Freshly cooked, beautifully served and reasonably priced. I shall return so watch out Mr Fiddies.
Friendly staff, top notch food. Had a great eve with the girls, thank you to everyone especially Neo.
Facing a major road so can be a lot of noise. Food good with nice portions. Friendly owner that served that night. The Limoncello was very good.
Finally made it here last night and sorry I had waited so long. The food is great - simple, fresh and delicious. The tricolore salad was perfect - really nice mozzarella and perfectly ripe avocado. We had pasta - one with tomato cream sauce and salmon and the other with tomato cream sauce and spinach. Both were fantastic and piping hot. Portions are large and we could only eat just over half. Small but good wine selection. The people there are so lovely and caring - can't wait to go back.
My husband and I decided to try this place when we noticed it was ranked #1 on Tripadvisor. The restaurant is on a busy street and you would never guess it is that highly rated by its location and decor. There are only about 10-12 tables and it is small and casually decorated. We were greeted nicely and placed our order promptly. We had 2 glasses of red wine which was very good while we waited for our food. We shared the bruschetta, which was fresh and delicious. We noticed that the place was getting full and there were numerous take out orders. We then started to notice that the tables that arrived after us was getting their food before us. When we asked our waitress, she apologized and said it was coming up. We finally received our entrees 40 minutes after our appetizer. The food however was delicious-- it was just fresh and perfectly seasoned. When we asked for the check, the owner brought it to us and informed us that he had taken off the charges for the additional glasses of wine and the bottle of water to make up for the slow service. We felt this was a very nice gesture -- a gesture that is not common in most UK restaurants. This is not a fancy, Michelin star type of restaurant, but if you want tasty, freshly prepared Italian food, you should try it out. We will define come back.
Fiddie's has just opened its doors in Swiss Cottage. The owner has a lot experience in the field, and he is very friendly. The Pizzaiolo and the cook are Italian. The menu' is completely Italian - don't be fooled by the name of the restaurant. We went last night with a voucher, that is the way I got to know of this restaurant. We had 3 courses, and each of them was delicious, and extremely big!!! My partner tried the pizza, and both the dough and the topping were excellent. I had a sirlion steak (250 gr), which came with porcini mushroom, potatoes and broccoli, and the cost would be only 13.50 £ - half the price in any another central London restaurant better known. I think it is also good to support the local community for those who live nearby, but it is a good shot for those who live far away, due to the quality and quantity of the food. They showed me their San Valentine menu - enchanting!!! And very cheap, give them a ring to know more about it.
We always try to eat here when we visit London. We are made to feel like one of the family. It's nice to sit down and relax into the atmosphere. Just go with the flow of the service and enjoy the experience - you will not be disappointed.
Meal was amazing, atmospehere was great. Staff was really friendly. I liked it! Can recommend to everyone.
I decided to come here while I was in London as Italian is one of my favourite cuisines. After seeing that this was not only the top rated Italian in the city, but top out of all the restaurants, I simply had to come along to see what all the fuss was about. This might not have been the best Italian restaurant I have ever been too, but the food was undoubtedly great. It's not the best place to look at either, with this place appearing more like a basic café than a restaurant. This doesn't really matter though as the great food is rounded off with terrific staff with character. With the prices being below average as well, this is definitely a place worth visiting.Unlike most Italian restaurants, this place seems to be more of a pizza and pasta place, with the other options being rather lacking. They're not lacking in starters though, with a total of ten providing a decent amount of varied options, while four different snacks are available on top of these if bread or courgettes are your kind of thing. When it comes to pasta, you are able to select both the type of the pasta as well as the sauce, unlike most places where each sauce comes with a set type. The pasta is also really varied, with a total of 7 shapes and 19 sauces, of which seven are vegetarian and five are seafood. With 17 different kinds of pizza, there are also plenty of varied options here, with there again being the option to create your own by choosing up to four different toppings. The range of salads aren't too bad here either though, with a total of seven meaning that there is plenty to choose from. Outside of these three things though, you are only left with seven meat dishes and two seafood dishes. They have tried to make these as varied as possible given the limited number, but unfortunately this comes at the expense of several classic Italian dishes being missing from the menu. Finally, when it comes to dessert, there is unfortunately very little to choose from, with tiramisu, panna cotta, cheesecake and chocolate cake being the only options, despite what the online menu says. While I was here I selected pan fritto funghi all'aglio to start, Gigis pizza for my main course and panna cotta for dessert.Pan fritto funghi all'aglio is a dish consisting of pan-fried mushrooms with garlic and chillies in a tomato sauce. This was served on top of some homemade bread, while some rocket was also provided on the side. The mushrooms weren't really anything special as they were firm and weren't really juicy. Fortunately the sauce was much better as the mix of tomato and garlic tasted really great. The chillies were mild though and they were hard to notice within the sauce due to its strong flavour. The bread was pretty average when it came to flavour, although some oil had been used to improve things in this area. This bread was crunchy all the way through although it had turned soft where the sauce was put on top of it. At first the rocket seemed pretty average as well but, after eating it, there came a strong aftertaste, which was fortunately not too bitter. With such a strong flavour dressing wasn't needed, although they had used a small amount of oil.The Gigis pizza was topped with spicy salami, Milano salami, Italian sausage, buffalo mozzarella and chilli. The dough itself was crispy towards the edges but the complete opposite in the centre, where the runny sauce had turned it really limp and soggy. Neither the tomato sauce or the mozzarella on top were particularly strong, but I found this to be a good thing as it allowed the toppings to become more prominent. The cheese and tomato also tasted really nice in combination with each other, which is hardly a revelation. Both kinds of salami were thinly sliced and flavoursome, while the spicy one was also nice and spicy, just as it should have been. The Italian sausage was like thick pieces of mincemeat, but solid instead of crumbly. Each piece had a strong meaty flavour, which was improved by various herbs. The buffalo mozzarella was nice and stringy, but fortunately not too overwhelming when it came to flavour. Despite everything else being so good, the chillies were unfortunately hard to notice. This was due to them being so small in size, while there were also very few of them on top of the pizza.The panna cotta was really smooth and creamy. While this turned out to be much runnier than panna cotta really should have been, this didn't matter due to how good it tasted. The amount of flavour this dessert packed was absolutely incredible, having a much stronger flavour than you usually find with panna cotta, although still packing all of its charms. This was topped with strawberry sauce, which was runny with thicker lumpy bits in certain places. Despite these bits being in contrast to the rest of the sauce, they were still not too thick. The sauce was also surprisingly flavoursome given that there was such a thin layer of it on top. It was also sweet and fruity, ensuring that this dessert was absolutely perfect when it came to flavour.The service here was great, which was pretty much entirely down to the owner, who is quite the character. He is extremely friendly and also proved to be rather chatty at appropriate times. He seemed to have a good rapport with some regulars, but he also ensured that first time diners weren't being neglected. He cracked several jokes during my visit such as taking the food away from you, which might rub certain people the wrong way, but it was highly evident that he was only joking and it was all done in good nature. At the time I made a booking here, there was an issue with their hours on OpenTable as they had the restaurant listed as shut between 15:00 and 17:00. As I made them aware of this problem, so that they were able to fix it, I was allowed to have my dessert on the house. The generosity didn't end here either as an additional £1 was also knocked off my bill, allowing me to make the payment in cash instead of by card.The prices here are a bit cheaper than your average Italian restaurant. They might not be below average by a huge amount, but they are cheap enough that you will notice it. Given that you also get good quality food for these prices, this is most definitely a good value Italian restaurant. To give a feel for the prices on the menu, you are looking at £4.50 to £8.50 for a starter, with most of these being in the £6-7 price range. Pasta dishes are then between £6.50 and £12.50, but it is only the seafood options that reach the high end of the scale. Typically you are looking at £7.50 to £8.50 for a pasta dish. The pizzas are 12 inches in diameter and cost between £7.50 for a basic margherita and £11.20 for a pizza with premium toppings. You are typically looking at about £9 for a pizza though. Salads then cost between £4.50 and £8.50, with £6-7 being the typical price. The meat and fish dishes appear to be where the best value is found on the menu, with these dishes being priced between £8.50 and £13.60. Given that it is a sirloin steak at the higher end of this price range, it is nice to see that they haven't gone crazy with the prices like several other Italian restaurants tend to. Finally, desserts are £4-5 each, which isn't to be sniffed at.Rather than being a fancy restaurant, this is a pretty simple place, appearing more like a fairly basic café. Various Italian-themed pictures and posters decorate the walls, some of which are old movie posters. These seem to use either dull black and white colours, or vibrant bright colours, both of which are incorporated into some of the photographs. Aside from these though, the restaurant is rather plain, with white walls and light tables and chairs being the only other 'feature'. This is a rather small restaurant, which is only able to fit nine tables inside, several of which are designed for two. While this restaurant wasn't busy at 15:00, which is when I visited, it may get busier in the evening, especially with this place having just taken off the way it has done. Therefore I would say that booking in advance is a necessity.
Great food at a great price. Guaranteed to walk out with a smile. I have lived around the area for quite a while now and feel like this is one of the best restaurants around. When I heard it was on deliveroo I was ecstatic!
Fiddie's restaurant will leave you with a smile on your face and a happy tummy! If you're looking for authentic tasty Italian food look no further. The starters are delicious....from the courgette in light crispy batter, to the very well seasoned bruschetta and not forgetting the delightfully prepared calamari....all mouth watering to say the least. I chose Fiddie's pizza for my main and was expecting fireworks but much to my surprise I polished off the whole thing! All the food here is prepared by passionate Italian chefs. I must say this was the best pizza I have ever tried to date.The manager Fiddie is charismatic and his positive energy is infectious......very professional and extremely generous gentleman.Check this cosy and intimate restaurant.....you will not be disappointed.
Lovely food, extremely popular, busy little venue, glad I booked in advance and owner accommodated us despite being half hour early.Fantastic host service could not be faulted, our only criticism is not seeing fresh/homemade pasta on the menu, other than that can recommend the Garlic Mushrooms & the Chicken/Mushroom/Cream pasta, very generous portions.
Had a delicious meal, starters superb, main course delicious, service excellent, my husband and myself really enjoyed the evening. Great write up in the Ham & High this week. Well done boys!!
Working in the area and popped in for my tea. Brilliant Menu, excellent service. The food was fantastically portioned and the beer was nice cold and crisp. This place is a hidden gem of London to eat in.
Went here a few weeks ago with my partner. Really lovely small restaurant with super friendly staff - makes you feel like you're at a local place with friends straight away. We ordered the antipasti, lasagne and liver. The mains were delicious and everything on the antipasti platter was really tasty, obviously well sourced, and with lovely olive oil!Overall, a very satisfying Italian meal in a really lovely environment.
Went yesterday for the second time. Food is indeed good and good value (fresh and generous portions) but it's good value for a reason. The service is chaotic and slow - genuinely nice and friendly chap in charge and makes an effort to get a good rapport going but the actual nuts and bolts of getting people seated, taking orders, delivering plates together is all over the place. The smile helps but an extra pair or two of capable hands would help. Also, both times I have been items on the menu have not been available which probably is a plus if its fresh fish ingredients they can't get hold off but whiles that's understandable on a Monday its a bit less so on a Saturday. Well worth a stop if local and we will go back but good food and value aside I think it's a stretch to say top 10 in London. That said all round its probably a 3 and a half in my book not a 3.
Overall it is a good place but would not qualify it as exceptional as it ranking suggests. Plenty of other similarly good restaurants in London in the same price range.
We had an early dinner on a Wednesday evening, by the time we left at about 6:30 the restaurant was buzzing.The menu is good with a wide range of pasta and pizza and meat and fish main dishes. I had the wholemeal penne with polpette which was very good with al-dente pasta. My wife had the Polletto Alla Diavola with salad, this was very good, the salad was very fresh and large.The staff were very friendly and the whole meal was very enjoyable. When my wife made a constructive comment the manager took it on board immediately.
The food had an amazing taste, the owner is very friendly and a great waiter. The mains were delicious: Lasagne and Penne with Pesto. All fresh and tasty. It's not expensive and worth every penny. We will return every month!
I have honestly had the most wonderful night in the most lovely hidden gem. Fiddie made us feel like we belonged! I was sceptical at first, with an amazing Wowcher offer of a three course meal and house wine for two in a restaurant I had never heard of... But as soon as myself and my best friend arrived (both females aged 21) I knew we were in for a treat! The restaurant - simple yet amazingly homely and cosy - smelt amazing on arrival! And being told we would have to wait 5 minutes for our booked table, we were offered a glass of prosecco each on the house! Amazing! Less than five minutes later we were seated and told to take our time! Fiddie was amazing! Unlike some restaurant that offer Wowcher vouchers, Fiddie made us feel like any other customer... As if we were paying full price for our three course dinner and drinks! For started we had the zucchini fries and the bruschetta. And let me tell you this was the best bruschetta I have ever had, even compared to the ones I have had in Italy on various occasions - and that is something coming from a half Italian! Mains were two chicken dishes, which took a lot of menu discussion and decision! The menu had so many options we just couldn't decide! We both settles for two different chicken dishes which were both Devine and made/prepared to our own requests! Please see photos provided! The house white wine was lush! Anything goes for a pair of 21 year olds, but honestly this was great! 4 hours later, and still chatting, Fiddie asked if we would like our desserts, we ordered a tiramisu and a chocolate cake. We asked for this to be split into two plates so we could both have half of each with out stealing more of one another's! Both were delicious! My personal favourite was the chocolate cake! Wow! Desserts are homemade... Which I'm sure most of the food in this lovely little restaurants are made but either way these desserts were beyond delicious! The restaurant was packed and I highly recommend booking! The fullness of the restaurant did not impact on the service - amazing from start to finish from all the team! From 7pm-11pm the chef was smiling and so were all the staff! Wonderful! We had the best night, and even though we are from Eastbourne and Essex and just working in London, oh we shall be returning! Thank you Fiddie for an amazing Friday evening! Exactly what we both needed after a week of work! See you soon, Fidds! x
Visited 24th March on recommendation from trip advisor . We were not disappointed . Tatar Avocado for starter was truly memorable. We followed up with Calzone Pizza's which were also excellent. Staff very friendly. Decor very plain but you don't eat the decor. Highly recommended
Really enjoyed the experience of eating here, good service, pleasant staff (with a sense of humour!) excellent food and great background music. Well worth a visit. Best to make a reservation as the premises are small and it is very popular, I can see why !
Give it a try best small inexpensive restaurant I've found in London
Had early eve meal before theatre. Starters and main course excellent. Recommend the fish. Service considerate and efficient (Hannah) enquired re ready for main course, so fish and veg cooked just right and not over done. Well done Hannah. Good value and better than usual chain Pizza places. Will be back.
We went to Fiddies on Saturday and were greeted by the lovely and friendly owner Neo. The food was fabulous and the atmosphere buzzing. Staff very friendly and attentive. We highly recommend this restaurant, forget the chains, this is proper Italian food and very reasonably priced. We will definitely be back.
It was like being in Italy itself with the best Italian food we've ever tasted in London. And the service; Tanna, aka the best waitress in the world, made sure we had the best time at the restaurant... She made sure that we had the perfect date night.Would recommend to literally... Everyone.
Came two weeks ago for my mother-in-laws birthday and couldn't keep away. The food is delicious, the staff are more than helpful and Fid couldn't have been more hospitable, he is a laugh and a half. Had us in stitches, best evening I've had in a long time. Thank you see you again soon Xenoulla Thrasyvoulou
It's like dining with the family. Excellent food, service and atmosphere. See you next time we're at our flat in Finchley Road.
I dined at Fiddie's this evening with 3 friends and my 11 year old daughter. We went as part of a Wowcher deal, three course meal plus a glass of house wine. We were all pleased with our starters and mains, which were really tasty and portion sizes were generous! The only let-down was that we were seated directly in-front of the door so every time someone came in or out (& this happened frequently) we were hit with a gust of ice-cold wind.Staff were extremely attentive, standards of customer service were high. Upon receipt of the bill I was delighted when the owner said the additional starter and kids meal was "on the house". I would highly recommend a visit to Fiddie's, if in the area I'll definitely be returning.
Was here with my family and can definitely confirm that the service is good and the restaurant manager very nice and friendly. In terms of food, it is a good quality food, but certainly not the best restaurant in London and far from being the best Italian restaurant in London, even in this price range (I.e. quite cheap). I have been in other places (eg Fabrizio in Archway, 500 on Holloway road) which are significantly better in terms of quality and range of Italian food.In summary a good place, with very nice people, will probably go back again, but not in my top 10 list.
Extremely welcoming, friendly staff all round. High quality dishes and with a great menu to choose from,we ordered more than we could eat!  With a great atmosphere!I would recommend Fiddie's Italian kitchen for a lunch date or perfect for a relaxed dinner after work. *with a wide range suitable for vegetarians too, along with gluten free options!*Looking forward to visiting again soon !!!
went there after reading good reviews as we are neighbors to the restaurant. never went because it looked cold from the outside. were not disappointed, warm welcome by the boss and good care and good food through out. Ordered deliveries since with special requests and was not disappointed either. thx
Good was good and the service was friendly if a little slow. Place was busy and had a good atmosphere.
From the moment we came in till the moment we left the Restarant everything was top noch. Very friendly owner and staff, good prices and perfectly tasty food! Superb pizza and sea food. 2 Polish Guys give a high five
Me and my boyfriend came here for a meal. The food was beautiful and the service was amazing. Definitely our new local Italian!! Highly recommend Fiddie's
The place is superb Pizza to die for Service excellent and very friendly staff. The tiramisu best ever . Great location with easy parking We will came back
Always my go to spot when I have friends visiting from out of town. From the food to the staff this restaurant is on point. I prefer the calamari but there are not many things on the menu you can go wrong with.
The food was very delicious and well priced. It was a family members birthday and the owner of the establishment looked after us extremely well. Would recommend
Literally just got home from our first visit to this restaurant.A wonderful welcome from the host,tasteful stylish decor,Nice background music ,not so loud that you can't have a conversation ,every table was full ,pizzas pastas ,fish,meat what to choose? We had zuppetta di cozze mussels cooked in a rich tomato sauce with garlic parsley and chilli which came served with home made bread and we cleared our plates absolutely divine.then spaghetti carbonara and pasta gamberoni prawns courgettes and herbs in a tomato sauce .Exemplary service just enough time between courses This certainly won't be our last visit and would highly recommend
And the owner Fiddie combined to make this the most fun I've had in a restaurant in years, possibly ever. Packed creating a great atmosphere, this was a really good choice, and reading the reviews, it's easy to see why this new restaurant seems to be doing so well.. Food was very good, mussels, minestrone, and my wife and I both thoroughly enjoyed the seafood linguine...Even the chef came out to ask if we enjoyed it, and then took our dessert orders, which for us were less of a triumph..And Emma, the waitress who spent most of the evening jokingly being beckoned by the boss, all done in fun to make everyone smile.. A local family friendly good food and good value eatery, nothing not to like. Highly recommended
What a surprise to find a modern, clean cut restaurant in London that is so highly rated and regarded. These days we live in a city where people desperately try to make their restaurants look trendy with shabby chic furniture or exposed pipes but not Fiddies. This place is about simple food and excellent service. As You walk in you are greeted by the wonderful owner, who is a comedic character, after being shown to my table of choice I was in the hands of a very charming and sharp witted waitress called Tanna. All I really need to say is that the simple menu was packed full of flavour and it's so nice to be somewhere that feels exactly like a modern Italian restaurant in the hills of Tuscany, because this is what they are like. Trust me I live there! No fuss and cover ups just great food and amazing service!
Enjoyable evening in casual friendly local Italian with excellent food . In particular the homemade Tiramasu was worth a visit on its own .
Three of us went there for supper. Everything was great from the staff who were helpful and pleasant yet not intruding to the food that was a great meal for a very cheap price. Only fault I can find is the location, I wish it was closer to my house so I can visit more often :-)
I went in for lunch; having read all the rave reviews, my expectations were pretty high. I was disappointed. First of all, with so many people singing praises to the manager/owner, I expected a bubbly, customer oriented Italian guy. Instead, I was met by a very suspiciously non-Italian sounding guy, who paid me hardly any attention, presumably because I didn't strike him as a big spender. Some other diners were luckier, though - he made them feel much more welcome, even kissing some ladies on the cheek. I ordered pasta Carbonara and was offered a soft drink, as part of a special lunch offer - order any pizza or pasta, and get a free soft drink for £6.90, or a glass of wine for £7.90. This deal was the best thing about the whole visit. I waited for the drink for a good five minutes, and then it turned out the waiter/owner had forgotten what I'd ordered. When the pasta finally arrived, I was unpleasantly surprised by the portion size, having expected a "generous" portion (to cite many reviewers before me). But the size was not the only surprise this plate had in store for me. Unlike the other diners who ordered pasta while I was there, I was offered neither freshly ground black pepper nor parmesan cheese. The taste of the sauce was quite bland - apart from a mere hint of garlic and quite a bit of pepper (which was to be expected in this particular pasta), the pasta didn't taste of anything. Real pancetta was used, which was a plus, but there were a lot of chewable hard bits, which in the end I just swallowed whole. Frankly, I've had much tastier pasta in a cafe not far from here, as well as some other Italian restaurants in London. Before I left, I ordered a pizza to go, for some friends (and me) to try. The four of us were unanimous in the verdict: the dough was very good; the tomato sauce a little sour; the toppings average. One friend, in addition, thought the base was slightly burned (or perhaps he was unlucky to pick such a piece). All in all, a pretty average restaurant in most respects - not bad to go to for a lunchtime pizza, especially with the special deal, but I would definitely not travel here specifically for either lunch or dinner, nor am I likely to order another cream based pasta dish if I do come again.
Must say this was an excellent choice, very friendly staff food was superb every course didn't disappoint very happy customers will definitely come again and would recommend to others 1st class
Went with a group of friends to have a fun evening and we definitely did. Very cute restaurant, with traditional Italian food, serving serious portions! Lovely owner!!
Great Italian in Swiss Cottage area. Tried a little of everything and agree that that the pizza is perfect, great calamari, delicious fried courgettes and really good pastas. Great service and friendly staff as well.
Food is always very very good, and value for money I don't think you can find better value & food at these prices, any black cab drivers who want really good fresh food & prices check it out, you won't be disappointed
Great food every time. Very friendly. My kids love it and very reasonable on price. Fresh every time. 5*****
Visited here whilst in the area on business after seeing it was no 11 restaurant in London. I was initially quite surprised that what is in effect a high street cafe was so high. Having said that the place was spotlessly clean, we were given a warm welcome by staff and found the menu to be very good and relatively inexpensive for London. The food arrived piping hot and was very tasty. In conclusion although it was not what you would imagine to be a top dozen place out of over 16000 places in London, I could not fault any of it.A nice friendly Italian and worth a visit if in the area.
Myself my partner and 2 young sons visited on Friday 26th February due to the outstanding reviews and we were staying close by. We were greeted by Neo WOW what a fantastic host!!! The food was exceptional and fantastic value for money. My children had mickey mouse pizzas which they thoroughly enjoyed and us adults had fried corgettes, calamari, antipasto, carbonara and another pasta dish, all was beautifully presented and incredibly tasty. Neo really made us feel really welcome and had great banter with my partner it was like they were old friends!!!! Neo even presented me with a cake and candle when my partner mentioned it was my birthday and got the resturant singing.... just fantastic!!! We will be back in July for sure and have recommended you to anyone who visits London as your resturant really is THE BEST!!! Thank you again for your amazing hospitality from the SOUTHAMPTON family.
Relaxed friendly atmosphere, good food, good music, especially if you like Elvis. Good with kids, one of whom has a nut allergy. We will go again.
We've just returned from a weekend in London & found this Italian restaurant on Friday night. It was very busy so we waited for a table. I'm so glad we did, the food was excellent, the service great and the menu is very reasonably priced. We enjoyed it so much we returned the next evening. My fussy 6 year old said it was the best pizza ever- praise indeed.
Went in for dinner after seeing the ratings and the comments. Average pasta, nothing special. Nice enough waitress, but food was out to us before our first drink ever got there. Average second course, nothing special. We left half of it on the plates. Don't go out of your way to come here. #1 rated in London? Come on - what's going on? #1 should be getting at least a Michelin star.
We visited here on our first night in London. The owner was very nice and full of chat. We were travelling all day so comfort food was in order with lasagne, pizza and spag bol being ordered. The owner took the mick out of us for not being too adventurous something I really liked as it was like speaking to a friend rather than a waiter, set the atmosphere. Food was delicious and service was quick with us being checked on twice, another thing which is important. My girlfriend had a glass of wine and I had a beer, he have the glass of wine on the house which was unexpected and not required. We were too full for dessert so we made it quick as there was constantly people coming in the door looking for tables and did not want to deny their chance to eat this great food but all in all was a lovely dinner. We promised the owner we would write a review even though I would have regardless.From the lovely Irish couple.
Excellent place to visit! made to feel so welcome, really wholesome feel great food! great menu choice, highly recommended! Defo go back
I attended this restaurant one evening with my family before the cinema and I couldn’t recommend it enough. The owner (Fiddie) and waitress were extremely friendly and accommodating. The place is great for couples but obviously very child/family friendly, a table near us had pizzas shaped like a mouse for the kids which was a lovely touch and the kids loved it. I will be going again with my friends next week. The food is proper Italian, big portions and absolutely delicious. Two of us had pasta but the pizza oven looked really authentic too, they have a great oven. One of the specials was a huge and tender steak in a tomato sauce served with potatoes and vegetables, I tasted some and it was wonderful. The arrabiata was one of the best I have had and I have been to Italy a number of times and it’s always my main choice.The cheesecake afterwards was particularly delicious and I highly recommend it, unlike most restaurants the chef makes the cakes himself and it really shows; I really could have eaten two of them myself. If you like fresh, delicious Italian food, and lots of it, this is the place to go. Nowhere else in the area comes close.
What a find! We were visiting London from Manchester and so needed to find somewhere to eat dinner in an unfamiliar area, so lucky that we chose Fiddie's. The food was freshly cooked, wholesome and tasty, the garlic mushrooms for a starter is highly recommended. The staff could not have been more welcoming and helpful. The surroundings are modern, clean and fresh.
My family and I come here once every month or so. The owner is friendly and very attentive to the customers, and the food is absolutely divine. Real Italian food, all freshly made. The desserts are also delicious -I would highly recommend the Panna Cotta. It's fantastic! The vegetarian calzone is my favourite. I would recommend this place to everyone. It's reasonably priced and fantastic quality food, and the owner and staff are some of the nicest people I've ever met. You need to come here if you haven't already!
Visited this restaurant in March for my birthday. Although the restaurant is smaller than expected, there is a lovely homely feel inside. Fiddie and the other members of staff were so lovely and accommodating, providing excellent service. The food was lovely and there was ample choice for vegetarians. Prices were not awful either!The restaurant is in a very good location and is very close to Finchley Road station.
I'd read the reviews but as an Italian I walked in a bit sceptical. I've just walked out - Believe the hype! Fiddie is the most welcoming host and his Italian chefs are at the top of their game An outstanding evening in every respect
Really great food, which satisfied everyone in our family. Pasta dishes were particularly nice as was the house wine. Friendly staff making it one of the best, family friendly restaurants we've ever been to.
After seeing that Fiddie's was No1 on Trip Advisor we thought we would make the journey to see if the reviews were true! So glad we went to this restaurant. From start to finish the whole experience was great. The staff are warm and welcoming and the food was amazing. We had calamari and tricolour salad to start which were both done perfectly and tasted great. Then for our mains we had seafood linguini and a meat pizza which were both so good. The bread basket is also really nice and the wines we had were good and not overly expensive. The host was so friendly and funny we really enjoyed the whole meal and have already recommended this restaurant to our friends and family and will definitely be back.
This is the latest highly rated italian place which has shot to a high position on trip adviser's ratings, but without really meriting it. The pleasant owner is obsessed with Trip Advisor and urged me to write a review. We had an ok time and we had a small discount without asking for it (although this was appropriate in all of the circumstances). My wife's pizza was not to her taste, my pasta was quite good. Avocado on toast was quite nice. we were kept waiting for a table although we had booked and after that the service was slow. It is seriously overrated here,
this is a must ' check out ' restaurant !!the owner and the staff @ Fiddie's are brilliant and so funny, the food is awesome and it's brand-new inside and the prices are very competitive, can't wait to go back !
We booked Fiddies for my mums retirement party last night (why would we go anywhere else) There were 12 of us in total and every single person loved the food! There were clean plates all round after starters and mains, and although there was a big group of us the food all came at the same time so we could all enjoy our food together.The atmosphere in this restaurant is second to none! You are always made to feel welcome and throughout your time in the restaurant the staff cannot do enough for you! Neo was on top form as always, Tanna the waitress was very accommodating to us all as always - I can fully understand why this restaurant is number 1 on Trip Advisor! Thank you for a perfect evening once again to all at Fiddies! See you again soon xx
A great lunch: good pizza, pasta and salad. Will definitely be returning! Great value for money and very friendly staff.
We were welcomed like old friends even though this was our first time at Fiddie's. The food was fantastic. The minestrone soup was a meal in itself and the chicken schnitzel was delicious. My husband and I kept eyeing up everyone else's meals as they were served saying, 'I'll try that next time ..... or maybe that ..... or that ...'We'll definitely return.
A very nice cosey restaurant,food quality is amazing for eating in and take away. Staff very friendly and welcoming.Definitely will return again.
Went for the first time yesterday, after reading others' reviews. It's a weeny, modern, lively, genuine Italian trattoria serving excellent home-style pasta and pizza dishes, as well as some more formal meat/fish/veggie options. I never go for pizza: it's either too soggy and floppy or too crisp with no body but I had to nick some from my fellow diners who'd chosen it to nibble as a starter, and it was perfectly textured and straight from a very well-balanced oven: crisp in the middle but deliciously lightly doughy round the outside. The pasta was perfect: choose what kind of pasta, choose what you wanted with it. I chose risotto! When it came Fiddie (more about him in a bit) told me the chef was worried he'd over-salted it, so please would I just taste it and they'd be happy to provide me with a replacement. Well, it was a tad salty, but not enough to stop me adding more salt care of the very generous servings of parmesan that we were offered. Everything else about it from the nutty texture, the perfect consistency, to the flavoursome porcini mushrooms was yummu. The pudding menu was limited but only two of us still had space for pudding. They both chose the cheesecake (I'd have gone for the chocolate cake if I'd only had room!) and of course I sampled my neighbour's with, I think, his permission. The 'cheese' bit was delicious, as was the just perfectly sweet and sour topping. Can't tell you what it was, because when we asked what it was, Fiddie informed us that it was 'red'. That bit we could see for ourselves. Our lunch was accompanied by two glasses of Trebbiano, a large bottle of sparkling water, and a glass of red. And the bill was less than forty quid!!!!! How does that work in London - or anywhere else, for that matter??? Now to Fiddie: I think I read in one of the reviews that they found 'the staff' (that's Fiddie at front of house!) rather unfriendly. I can only assume they mistook Fiddie's insouciance and deadpan manner as stand-offishness!!! He's hilarious, but at the same time brisk, efficient and certainly ... friendly! I maybe wouldn't go here for a sophisticated evening to show off my extensive knowledge of the latest fads in cuisine, but for a delicious, extraordinarily well-priced meal to relax and gossip over with friends - which is what we were doing prior to going to the theatre afterwards - it was perfect. So well done, Fiddie and the chefs in the kitchen. You've created a little Italian gem.
We came here yesterday to cure the terrible hangover that we had from the night before.We were greeted as we entered by the manager as we entered. He was super friendly and kept joking with us through our visit.I'm a restaurant manager myself and know that you can't train someone to give that level of customer service.I completely understand why people score this restaurant so highly.I do love my food and pizza is my favourite .The food was just what we needed and my pizza was one of the best i had in London
As long standing locals very happy to recomend Fiddies. Great food. Great atmosphere. Always a friendly atmosphere - the best anti pasti in town - delicious...
Visited today with my wife and two children after reading reviews on here.The food was outstanding especially the calves liver and the service was second to none.They made you feel so welcome and we can't wait to go back next time we're in London.Make sure you are hungry as the portions are of a good size and you won't be hungry when you leave even if you can't finish it they wrap it up to take with you so you can scoff it later back at the hotel. The Folkestone family .
I bumped into this restaurant during a recent business trip to the UK. The owner and staff are exceptionally friendly and gracious. I had the Caprese salad and Putanesca linguine. Very tasty! I couldn't decide on a dessert so Fiddie offered: "Try both for the price of one"! This is a real hidden gem.
My neighbour recommended this place to me. She said they loved the food and the owner was a real character. I normally avoid Finchley Road (about the only place I'll willingly eat at is Sprinkles Gelato) so I hadn't seen this tiny new spot. They had tables on the sidewalk, but since this was the first warm night of the season, they were all taken - no matter, we preferred to sit inside anyway. We hadn't reserved but luckily there was 1 table available. Choice of pasta and choice of sauces - which I actually prefer. Excellent bruschetta - overflowing with ripe tomatoes. Pizzas coming out of the pizza oven in front of the kitchen looked good, too. Very friendly service, and the owner is attentive and fun - joking around with both guests and staff. We'll definitely be back - and we know now it's best to book!
Decided to visit Fiddie's for my husband's birthday lunch after reading all the positive reviews on trip adviser . Everything that other people said so far is absolutely spot on ! Portions are generous and food was very good , seafood gnocchi special was excellent and pizzas out of this world amazing . My 12 year old declared it the best pizza ever and he is probably the one of the worlds best pizza experts as he has tried so many :) . The home made desserts were delicious too. I have to point out that the owner was one the most pleasant , funny and generous guys you will ever come across . He did not charge us for some of the items , such as couple of drinks , 2 desserts and coffee . And mind you , we did not ask for the discount , he just decided to take it off the bill at the end . How often does that happen ?! Thank you for the excellent food and service . We will definitely be back very soon !
It was our first experience at Fiddie's and seven of us went there for a meal last week. Well......the experience was fantastic! We started off with calamari, courgette fritters and garlic cheese bread; plenty of it and absolutely gorgeous. We then had our mains. Chicken Milanese with spaghetti bolognaise, pizza and tagliatelle special with tuna. The portions were amazing! I'm happy to say that Fiddie's also caters for gluten free customers. We were made to feel so welcome by the staff and Fiddie himself!We all left feeling as if we visited Fiddie's home rather than his place of work!Can't wait to go back to sample the rest of the menu!
What lovely food.....pizzas are the best, the seafood is divine, tried quite a few dishes and never been disappointed. The owner Neo adds an abundance of character to the restaurant. Helpful and friendly. Highly recommend this restaurant. Looking forward to my next visit.
I celebrated my birthday there the food was great and the staff was fantastic I felt like home. In London there are many restaurant where you can find written Italian Kitchen but most of the times of Italian got nothing. Fiddie has the real Italian style and quality.
Great food and staff. We will definitely return. Fiddie greeted us with prosecco for both of us and finished a great meal with tiramisu.
With a mouth watering smell of Italian cooking, couldn't wait for the food to be served. Presentation, taste and substantial portion was excellent, complimented by a personal service. Pleasurable experience and will definitely return. Thank you, Tony from Bristol.
I visited this Italian restaurant during my recent business trip to North London. Appetizers and main dish excellent. Loved the fish. This place has ok prices and all the food is made fresh to order. Owner was a nice guy that walked up to our table and welcomed us. Overall-great Italian food with great service in modern looking space.
Had a quick dinner here while on a business trip in the UK. This place has reasonable prices and all the food is made fresh to order. Nice if you feel like pasta!
We popped in on recommendation and Fiddie's did not disappoint. We arrived for a quick and early supper and were greeted warmly by Fiddie and his staff. Our pizzas arrived quickly and were delicious. As we needed to be we were in and out in an hour and when we left the restaurant was full and rightly so. We would certainly go back and highly recommend a visit here.
The food is authentic and tasteful and the personel is very friendly. We will come back. It was our second visit today and the special dishes; watermelon salad and mixed fish were both excellent. The pizzas for the kids were also a hit.
Had to wait for a table but definitely worth the wait. Food really delicious, served piping hot. All tasted very fresh, like home cooked. It's so busy here, so next time will book! Try it, you won't be disappointed ! Staff very friendly and welcoming too.
Booked a table for 10 which was tricky because the restaurant isn't big. The manager really went out of his way to accommodate us and ensure we were comfortable. Food was tasty and very generous in size. Couldn't finish my penne bolognaise. Thanks for a wonderful evening with friends.
Found this place while searching for an Italian restaurant on an app. It was located near Camden and we were staying in Kensington so we had to get a few different tubes and hail down a taxi to get to the place. But we were so glad once we got there. Friendly staff that make you feel welcome and part of the family and authentic Italian food that you can almost see being cooked. Would recommend this to anyone looking for an Italian restaurant in London.
We needed to find somewhere for a quick eat before heading to Hampstead Theatre and this place was perfect. Neo was hugely welcoming and entertaining and the food was superb - beautifully cooked pasta dishes. It doesn't look like much from the outside but I'd recommend, and visit again!Thank you!
every time my family and I come here, we're greeted by the warm and super friendly host who makes us feel right at home! this restaurant caters to our gluten-free dietary needs and they are more than accomodating to any other requirements (eg. vegetarian). not only is the service great but the food is delicious- easily the best Italian food in London! We visited again for lunch today and were not disappointed by the food (generously large portions!!!) or the excellent price!!! Thanks again for a great meal, we look forward to another visit!!! :)
What can I say - they got me. The taste, the service. Even though I've been there only once and in a rush, I have to admit it is one of the best, if not the best, Italian restaurant I've been in.
Amazingly delicious food. Great customer service. And now you can delivery with Deliveroo - winning!! So far I've had the margherita, pollo milanaese, bolognaise and carbonara - yummy the lot! I will be trying new things each time
Went there for the second time today. Every time I am around Finchley Road, I will think of Fiddie's. The food tastes amazing. The pasta and pizza are so fresh. You can come for the lunch deal which is only £6.90 that includes any pizza or pasta and a soft drink. This is now my favourite Italian place in London. Also, they do deliveroo! Definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a great quality authentic Italian food with reasonable price!
For an authentic Italian meal in a relaxed atmosphere, Fiddie's shouldn't be missed. The staff members were very kind, and our food was absolutely delicious! I would recommend making a reservation online - we had one and were seated immediately.
Me and my girlfriend found this place on the Internet, must of been our lucky day because the staff were amazing and the food was incredible if you're thinking of a place to go don't hesitate and go to Fiddies for your next meal
We travelled over an hour by train for our family meal at Fiddie's on the strength of Trip Advisor recommendations and it met our expectations and more. We were a party of 6 with varying tastes and requirements and we were made to feel very welcome by everyone, especially Neo who was so friendly and accommodating he treated us like regulars and he personally made sure our evening was special. The food was superb and all plates we finished, (eventually) the portions are very generous!! The puddings were excellent and we all shared them between us, I'd highly recommend the cheesecake, although my sons voted for the tiramisu! We cannot recommend Fiddie's enough, if you love Italian there is no better place to go and we cannot to wait return. Thank you for a special family meal and for looking after us so we'll, the family from Weybridge! X
We really didn't know what to expect, my wife looked in the window and said "no" bu I said it's reviews are 4.5 out of 5, so she okay let's give it a go. We were welcomed a the door by a real genuine smiling host, Neo, really cool fun guy, so good start. So onto the food, the antipasto beautiful presentation and very tasty, my lady had a pizza, went down well, not spectacular but hit the spot, I had the rissotto just nice, real tasty. And at all times Staff were attentive and conversational without being overbearing, and FUN! Finally the dessert and brandy to end the night, perfect! Oh hold on, no not quite the end, we talked football, ate tiramisiu (dangerously addictive) and drunk courvoisier brandy. Then came the bill, really really affordable, great value. We now have two neighbourhood spots, little Bay and now Fiddies, check it out, real Italian home cooking with personality. Thanks Neo and crew. B and S.
Although a small place they are BIG on Quality Food and Hospitality. The house salad was very good and the Gigis Pizza (which included various types of meat) I highly recommend. The Pinot Grigot Blush was lovely. The owner kept coming by to check on us which I did not mind at all. And all for a nice price. The next time I'm back in London I will DEFINITELY make a return visit.
Excellent food, excellent service! The lunch deal is unbeatable and service with huge smile. Keeps me coming back for more as many dishes to choose from including pizzas and pastas. A brilliant little restaurant that you should visit if in the local area!
Small but good atmosphere with good food at very good prices. Will definitely return as they serve very nice and uncomplicated Italian dishes. Also their pizzas are all home made and their tuna pizza is really delicious!!
Me and my girlfriend visited this restaurant last Friday evening and luckily we had booked a table as the place was full within 20 minutes of arrival. The restaurant itself is quite small and has a close knit feel which really helped the atmosphere. The owner of the restaurant was brilliant, very welcoming and attentive providing lots of laughs! He told us that people have travelled from all over the place, including Canada, when they've heard about the restaurant (!). The hosting was brilliant and the staff make you feel like a regular the second you walk through the door.For starter we had calamari and garlic bread with cheese which was really good with the garlic bread tasting quite like a margarita pizza which I wasn't complaining about. For main I decided to mix it up and go for a spaghetti bolognaise topped pizza (as seen on Trip Adviser!) to which the owner was very surprised and thought I wouldn't finish it off ;). My girlfriend got a 4 cheese pizza. Both tasted wonderful and you can tell the quality of the dough is so much better than your standard pizza joint.You receive mammoth portions but it's so good you can't help but finish it off! We paid £45 (including tip for 2 courses each and 4 drinks) which is an absolute steal for the quality of the food. The staffing at the restaurant is as good as the food and if I could give a higher mark than 5 stars I would. No doubt I will definitely be returning and would advise other reviewers to do the same.
best Italian in London This is an absolutely fantastic Italian restaurant, the food is incredibly delicious and fresh with a well thought out menu and The staff are always friendly. If you don't live in the area, it's still worth coming Fiddie's Italian kitchen
This restaurant is marvelous! It is small but clean and the service is great. The owner greeted us and made his rounds to find out if we were satisfied with our meals. The food was above average. They have gluten-free penne...just what I wanted. I will definitely pay Fiddie's another visit when I make my way back to London.
This has to be the best kept secret in London! We are so happy to catch onto this place. As soon as you walk in you feel welcomed and relaxed. This is no frills at its best. Great food, the best ingredients and a short, sharp and simple wine list that won't leave you disappointed. Highly recommend starting with a number of plates to share and follow up with a pasta and pizza combo. Spaghetti Vongule will transport you to the coast of Sardinia. The warmest service - just ask for George Clooney's much younger Greek brother. Much love for the team in the kitchen who regularly pop out to give their recommendations. Don't leave without the tiramisu! We will definitely be back.
I love getting food delivered from Fiddies and everyone is always very nice. However, visited in person last week, and the restaurant is very small and simple, so not the best place for going to eat at, but still an outstanding service and food.
This restaurant shows you it's not all about steep prices and fancy decorations to make it a really good restaurant. The owner is very friendly and made sure to ask us if everything was alright. The only thing was a bit drawback was the door that was open all the time, it made it a bit of a cold experience. Good food, wine and service make this a pleasant experience in overall. If we could give 4,5 we would probably do so.
Very friendly staff, great service, wonderful food. Very good value for money lunch menu which is very popular with locals.
From the moment we walked in we were greeted with a friendly and welcoming atmosphere. The meal was amazing, and you could tell it was cooked fresh. Without a doubt the best garlic bread I have ever had! When I come back to London I will most definitely be visiting here again, I would probably come back just for this place
Friendly, quick service. A very tasty, large salad. Excellent pizza. Outside seating available. Happy we found this spot.
Friendly and welcoming host. I was one in of a number of solo travellers in that night and was made to feel right at home. Chilli mushroom starter was delicious as was the carbonara main. Will definitely return next time I am in London (soon hopefully)!
If you're looking for an unhurried, friendly place with seriously excellent food, this is the place for you. Amazing pizza, cannot recommend highly enough! Will be back again soon!
Nice to find such a great place near our house. Staff was super friendly and the food was fresh and tasty
The first sight does not inspire confidence. It looks like an ordinary caff. Don't be put off. The food is great, the atmosphere is friendly and the prices are very reasonable. The desserts are big enough to be shared if are feeling generous.
Amazingly friendly place. Excellent service. Can't recommend it enough. Food was delicious. Their home made bread was to die for. Was there with my daughter and we were given such a warm welcome. Will definitely go there again next time I come down from Sheffield.
Was there for new years 2015 with my wife, the food was great and was totally ready to pay the bill when the owner decided that because of a small mistake (and i mean as small as the bread order being slightly late) he decided to wave the bill and say it was on the house. You almost never get a free meal these days!! but honestly, the food was worth the experience either way!
Me & my Mrs shared fried squid, Fried courgettes & garlic bread to start, then my Mrs had the lasagne & I had the chicken escalope with spaghetti. We shared the chef's special homemade tiramisu. I have to give the chef 10/10. The manager/owner name is Fiddie, he is a delight & very funny.
We were recommended to go to Fiddie's by our friends, and this place did not disappoint. The atmosphere is fab, the staff are very friendly and attentive, and most importantly the food was absolutely amazing. The starter calamari was the best we've ever tasted and as for the mains perfectly mouthwatering. We highly recommend Fiddie's, we will certainly be back very soon. Maria P
Definitely the best restaurant in London! The meal was fantastic! I had the fried zucchini and my boyfriend had the fried calamari! For mains, I had a pizza margherita which is definitely the best in London! My boyfriend had a custom made one - pizza margherita with a plate of spaghetti on top!!! Fantastic! The service, the atmosphere, and the food could not be improved in any way!!
The friendly and lovely environment and service could be seen and tasted. The best italian restaurant in London. I travelled 1h 30min as I needed to see if the reviews for Fiddie's on this website were true and I can ensure you every single positive review is true. I had Gamborini i think it was called with Wholemeal Penne, Amazing!
My wife and son joined me on a business trip a few weeks back. I'm a Canadian and travel to London often. We were looking for something that wasn't another pub after a week of similar menus. Fiddie's had great reviews (#1 restaurant in London on Tripadvisor) and was only a few tube stops away. We had a fantastic experience. The food was great. The service was even better. And the hospitality was the best we found on our trip. We were served by the proprietor who explained how his brand new and quite small establishment had climbed to the top of the rankings. In my estimation, it deserved the accolades. Authentic stone-baked pizzas and a small but very good selection of wine.It is hard to be a regular when you live 3500 miles away, but I intend to try!
Brilliant and very friendly service, excellent food, well worth a visit if you find yourself on the Finchley Road.
With all the different chains of Italian restaurant, it is great to have a real and proper Italian restaurant with its true flavour.They have amazing pizzas and pasta. It is normally very packed as the place is not very big. They also have gluten free options.
Fiddie's is my local italian restaurant, I have nothing but positive reviews about this place, the food, the atmosphere, the staff is all top class!
Very nice and cosy local restaurant just around the corner. It brings out the sense of authenticity of Italian foods. The owner is very friendly and the service is good. No high chair for the little ones but it was fortunate enough that our son is able to sit on a normal adult chair. Food is fantastic and authentic. Also good value for money for Londoners with TasteCard discount. Definitely recommending it and thinking of frequenting again
The food in this simple pizza/pasta restaurant is good. The personal attention to detail from the welcoming owner makes it special.
Big and good memories for taking the time to come Also see during our visit to the observatory we did breezed so it was nice to stay. A restaurant with a real soul. Ca hearty ah yes indeed, we leave the good full stomach and wallet too because you ca not cost ...
Wonderful local hot spot. Every dish I had was outstanding. Tonight, the chilled pea soup and zucchini pizza. Free wifi as well
excellent hospitality amazing mouth watering food all at a very good price. The décor of Fiddies is bright clean and modern ideal for casual dining, a good variety of items on the menu ,staff are friendly and hospitable and would certainly recommend.
I chose this restaurant based on the numerous positive reviews on TripAdvisor.My friends and I were not disappointed. The food was excellent, the service quick and the owner very friendly.We spent a great time and we'll be happy to come back. I cannot recomment it enough. But make sure to book in advance as people were queuing for a table on Saturday night!
On our way home from London we needed somewhere for dinner and the good reviews for here swayed us although we are always slightly cautious using this as our only guide as we don't always agree with the reviews. However on this case we found Fiddie's totally lived up to our expectations and more! The owner was very friendly and welcoming, especially to our baby who he instantly made smile. The waitress, Emma, was also really lovely, friendly and kindly washed my baby's spoon and bowl for me.Now, onto the main event - the food! We opted to share a calzone, a Fiddie's salad and some zucchini fries. I am not a fan of pizza crust but at the end of the meal I wasn't able to resist them - the dough is delicious. The salad was super fresh and equally as enjoyable; I actually wanted to eat it, not just a means of justifying the pizza by eating something healthy with it. The zucchini fries, were exactly as I guessed they'd be - very moreish. For pudding my partner had tiramisu and I chose chocolate cake. My partner generally hates chocolate cake but he wanted to taste mine and I was very surprised when he wanted more, he really loved it. We were told that the chef makes it from scratch with proper Belgian chocolate, no wonder it was so delicious. The tiramisu was just as good and we ate everything!The owner and Emma took the time to come and talk to us and made us feel like really valued customers. We will certainly back when we are next in London. It's very competitively priced, portions are generous and the quality is excellent - we thoroughly recommend visiting
I was sceptical about visiting. Ordered a quatro stagiani for takeaway and it was amazingly good. People working in the place were fantastic too. Looking forward to next visit.
We visited Fiddie's for the first time on a trip back to Swiss Cottage where we once lived. We were looking for a place to eat and came across this small but brilliantly formed restaurant. The staff and I think it was the owner were incredibly friendly. The place was busy for a cold Saturday evening and at one point there was a small queue forming by the door. The food was excellent - generous portions of pasta, freshly made. Don't be put off by the basic menu where you get to pick your pasta and then sauce - the food here is cooked really well. I didn't finish my pasta and took the rest home - unfortunately my youngest son beat me to it the next day and ate my leftovers! The service and food were excellent and just what we needed on a cold night and we will be coming.
I was quite surprised that this restaurant was in the top ten in London.The staff were pleasant and the food was good value for money but it is a very basic restaurant with a very limited menu.Probably worth a visit but don't expect anything spectacular.
Fiddie is a great host, the muscles as a shared starter is a winner, the sauce is beautiful. The pizzas are perfect, all in all a great night out.
I want to give a massive thank you to the man himself Fiddie, as well as all of the helpful staff for an outstanding meal in celebration to my gran's birthday. The food was amazing, delicious and plentiful. As well as this, the service and atmosphere was friendly, fantastic and fun... Fiddies!!!!!! Will defiantly be returning very very soon.
Having been to the theatre, we were looking for somewhere nice to eat to finish off our evening. Fiddie's was a very good choice. Good food at reasonable prices and friendly staff - what's not to like?Also it's one of the few restaurants on this part of the Finchley Road in Swiss Cottage that was still lively at 10pm on a Saturday night.Only downsides were that the lighting is a bit too bright for a romantic meal and the choice of music (Elvis isn't to everyone's taste!).I'd go back and eat there again though.
i was looking for a place close to Swiss Cottage station to have a dinner with my girlfriend. I'm italian,this means a bit picky about italian food. I must say the food was amazing and fresh. I highly raccomend this place. PS Neo the owner is really a welcoming guy
Fiddie is absolutely brilliant!
The pizza was so delish!
AND THE CHEESECAKE - HOMEMADE & SO YUMMY!
It was all in all brilliant! Service, Food, Drink & Prize!
Love this place and will definitely be back soon!
We recently enjoyed dinner (twice!) at Fiddie's. The food was excellent. In particular, the tiramisu was the best I ever ate outside of Italy. The owner was very friendly and the atmosphere was great. To our pleasure, this was not a fancy restaurant, but it served great meals prepared with care. I'll be sure to return next time I'm in London.
What a find!!! Really good quality Italian food a friendly family run restaurant. Highly recommend the sea bream and Alla Norma !!!
We went to Fiddies for my friends' 18th birthday, and specifically chose there due to the gluten-free pasta and the amount of vegetarian food. The service was very quick and we didn't have to wait at all. The service was lovely, and everyone was happy to be there. Then, as a very kind gesture, we got our drinks on the house! Lovely little place, definitely would recommend it to smaller groups.
One of the best places I have been to eat in London. The food is fantastic! The presentation and taste is beautiful and very prompt on delivery. Oh, and the portions re very hefty. There's a very refreshing atmosphere in the restaurent and the service is very friendly and swift. It's also child freindly. Will visit again for sure.
As they were booked up online, we rang and got a table for 2 on a Sat night. The hospitality at the restaurant is second to none, the food is fantastic and the prices are very reasonable. The owner makes an effort of speaking to you during the meal, to see the food/ service is up to scratch. I wouldn't even consider anywhere else to eat and I am a very picky customer. As we are thinking of starting our own restaurant, the owner was more than happy to give advice on starting up as he has 30 years in the business. Thanks again the couple from Ascot, looking to start their own restaurant. Excellent!!
Went there for the first time yeaterday before an event at Central College of Speech and Drama. It's a very small and informal place, don't expect fine dining or grand surroundings and decor, but the atmosphere is great, The pizza was one the best my wife and I have had in a long time, and Fiddie himself is a great host offering great service. Overall I recommend the place.
The whole family has just waddled away from Fiddies after enjoying a fab meal on our first visit. Fab customer service too!Trying to find a place where everyone is happy (including 2 teens) can be difficult but Fiddies fit the bill and was very reasonable with large portions. We will definitely be visiting again on our next trip to London, amazing place.
Come here all the time and the food is just amazing???? Owner is so lovely and down to earth,definalty the best Italian❤️
Been there today for the first time. Had a very quick lunch, a pasta dish, perfectly cooked and with a tasty sauce. Very friendly staff and authentic Italian cuisine (this comment comes from an Italian). Very clean and pleasant premises. Very goo price, too. Glad it is so close to my office, I can see myself trying the whole menu....just give me time!
Small resistant that doesn't stand out in the street, was a little hesitant until we opened the door and smelt the amazing food! Greeted warmly by who I assume was the owner/manger and seated quickly. Ordered a bottle of wine, which we were then advised was sold out- without hesitation we were offered an alternate choice for free because it was my birthday! The food was out of this world, the prices are so good but we would of paid double. We will dedicated be returning when we are back in London and can't wait to take the kids. 5* service & food - can't ask for more.
We are here two nights out of three on a short visit to London. Lovely, authentic food served in a cosy environment by a friendly and hospitable owner. We will be back!
No, don't bother! Here instead we can get the authetistic Italian no need to travel to America any more!! You want spaghetti, they got it! You want a glass of tap water, they will send out. You want a serviette, YES!!! On each table, arranged in reverse alphabetical order, there is Pepper followed by Salt. Amazing. And Leo the Comedian, resplendent in his shirt and trouser, he can entertain with a joke (punchline optional extra) and also he can take the currency to pay any bill, food, drink, utility, Barnacle Bill the Sailor. Look just do it, Life is short (and so is Leo). You can make reservations by post and you can make pasta by experience. Your choice.
On a cold, rainy night dashing around the uninspiring surrounds of Swiss Cottage looking for a pre-theatre dinner, we stumbled upon Fiddie's. We managed to grab the last table and were thrilled that we did.First class, friendly service from Neo and team is matched by reasonably priced and very tasty food. We both had pasta, but the pizzas and meat dishes all looked excellent and the other diners seemed very happy with their choices.The restaurant has only been open for 4 months and if our experience is anything to go by, will be a bright light on Finchley Road for hungry diners for years to come.The warmth of the staff and the quality of the cooking would tempt me to make a special journey there even when not in the area. Our first trip, but certainly not our last.
I would say average is a bit unfair but next up is very good and it certainly wasn't that . If good had been there I would have chosen it . I had pan fried mushroom followed by the sirloin steak and ten tiramasu . The first and last course were very nice the mains ok but have had better steak . Value for money was pretty good ( about £65 for the 2 of us inc wine ) . Not sure i would go back if in the area I would consider it but doubt I would go out my way , top 10 restaurant ( it was rated so at time ) def not .
A lovely small, friendly restaurant with a very extensive menu. We started with minestrone soup which was piping hot and most delicious served with toasted bread. I had grilled chicken with a mixed salad. This was a very generous portion and very tasty. My husband had fresh salmon and penne in a cream sauce which he thoroughly enjoyed. The service was excellent, so much so that we are certainly going back there!
We found Fiddie's via Trip Advisor ready for a family day out in London, so pleased we did. It's not pretentious, it's chilled, the food isn't pretentious either, it is great quality honest Italian food, generous portions, great prices. For us, this was all equalled by Neo, the owner(?) who made our lunch extra special, well done to all at Fiddies! Hope to come back soon, from 'The Shard family' :)
This place is a little gem and the food was very scrummy. The children's menu had a picture of Elsa from Frozen on it which was a big winner. Good prices and a lovely manager
Visited Fiddies with a friend of mine and I have to say that I will definitely be going back. The service is exceptional and the manager goes out of his way to make you have a total dining experience.. The food is fantastic it is small and cosy but do not let this put you off as its in my TOP 5 restaurants to eat at in London. The manager is so bubbly and attentive that our experience was really really pleasurable. GO EAT HERE it is a must on your bucket list of dining out!!!!
Oh Boy! You get to pick what kind of pasta you want, from among 5 kinds, including a gluten-free one. He has about a dozen vegetarian sauces, and about the same number of meat or fish sauces. He also has risottos, the best pizzas outside of Italy. His 3 chefs, 2 Michaeles and one Matteo, hail from Sicily, Napoli, and Florence. He has already won some awards, even though he has only been open a couple of months. We know some students who go there because they have meat, vegetarian and vegan dinners! Good wine, friendly service. People bring their children I've stopped cooking pasta at home and go there instead!We were 10 there: I also saw once a large shower group!
Visited with my friend last night and had the most wonderful evening.. the owner greeted us when we entered the restaurant and he was the most charming, happy, enthusiastic person I have met in years.. the food was excellent (I highly recommend the spaghetti vongole ) and great value and the restaurant has simple décor but is perfect and the waiter was superb.. everything was an absolute pleasure and I felt as though I was on holiday... i cannot wait to return and will be telling everyone about this amazing find... the restaurant was full and people were queuing to come in which shows how fantastic this place is.. my only concern is that it is becoming so popular , it will be tough to get a table. just book in advance.. good luck to Fiddies and the team and long may you remain....
Had a great dinner at this place, very tasty. But also very generous and friendly staff with a sence of humor. My girlfriend is allergic to strawberries and they did everything they could to help us with the cheesecake topping. If we ever come back to London suisse cottage we'll definetly come back here. Oh and the rest of the meal was also deliciouss. Olivier and Lieselotte aka strawberrygirl for the staff. from Belgium. Thank you! @Fiddie's
We've eaten here a few times now and we are big fans. Amazing food, friendly staff, reasonable prices and Neo is always ready with a joke or two! What more would one want? I just wished Fiddie's was in Barnet! See you very soon!!!
Generous portions, great taste, and passionate service. What else do we want?Try the salmon pizza, or the tiramisu, and you are bound to be addicted.
Great marina sauce and excellent calamari. Not sure why it's number one , but a great basic pizza restaurant. Pasta is dry , not home made.
Best Food Around complemented by lovely staff and atmosphere , can't wait to go back and try more food , best meatballs pizza and pasta I've ever had if there was a option for 10 stars id use it
This restaurant is absoloutely wonderful serving the best Italian food in England and quite honestly probably even in Italy, Definitely returning her again.
We were welcomed with open arms on a Saturday lunchtime - fortunately had booked!There was a really warm welcome friendly atmosphere and fantastic food. I had Pollo Milanese- the chicken was both delicious and enormous.My husband had linguine Scoglio which he loved. A very popular place
Cant understand why this place has got such excellent reviews. Fiddie's is a rather poor supposedly Italian neighbourhood café/small restaurant. Frankly, the food is not good. My Calamari were definitely undercooked, nearly raw, and the following pizza certainly no better, perhaps even worse than you can eat in places many other Pizza places such as Pizza Express. Moreover, the seating is not particularly comfortable. Service was ok and the prices are reasonable but with so much choice nearby, why go there? I wont..
Thank you trip advisor , family get together in London for my wife's birthday and searched for a suitable restaurant . We frequently travel to Italy so we know our food , reviews aren't always accurate, but in Fiddies case they more than sufficed , Amazing friendly service , food superb and I mean SUPERB !!! And did we have a giggle , complimentary wine and birthday cake followed with a rendition of "happy birthday " aim at my good lady . You will not find a better down to earth , honest ,very reasonable priced that serves proper fresh Italian food in the UK , thank you Fiddies , we will return
Just before a visit to Wembley, we checked Tripadvisor at the last minute and headed straight here. So glad we did. As said previously don't be put off by the size of the eatery, it packs a big punch. The owner was lovely and has everything off to a tee. He came straight to advise of the evening specials. Crab Ravioli was one and Duck the otherI chose Gamberoni and my partner had a spicy sausage Pasta, both Pasta dishes were to perfection. Looking around as you do to what other customers had ordered everything looked appetising. We had s bottle of Pinot Grigio and our bill came to well less than £40, so not expensive. Finished off with complimentary shot of Limoncello, so pleased we didn't miss this gem
Came here for dinner on a Monday after a long day at work. Had noticed Fiddie's is normally busy which is a good sign since it opened over a year ago. We had a deal via The a Times Taste card (2 courses for the price of one) so we had a fritto misto for starter, mushroom risotto and a couple of pizzas for main course. The Gigi pizza was very tasty whilst the diavola was spicy but good. No soggy bottoms and satisfied tums. The owner Neo is personable and warm. Will be returning.
Just what I said above- loved my seafood pasta. Neo (the owner) is fantastic- he's friendly and fun, makes you feel like you've come to his house for a meal :-) I took my friend for her birthday and he made me look great by bringing out a slice of cake for her with a candle and singing her happy birthday :-)
I have been a regular customer at Fiddies Italian since it opened and i cant stress enough how incredibly welcoming and hospitable the manager Neo is!! i know i cant be the easiest customer as I love ketchup with everything but he is always more then happy to accommodate me with anything. the food is always up to the exact same mouth wateringly good standared...Always my 1st, 2nd and 3rd choice of restaurant!
Really donot recommend missing this lovely italian place we had a lovely evening with plenty of lovely food and drink and the owner has a lovely sense of humour. Its airconditioned - very clean restaurant - price is reasonable beyond!!This is a small restaurant so highly recommend booking it!!
We went to this restaurant a while ago and some of our food was burnt, which to be fair they replaced it. I really didn't enjoy my dish either but it was tolerable. I am mystified why this restaurant is currently ranked 15th of all restaurants in London(prior to my review). It was ok, and perhaps we hit them on a very off night, but I saw enough about the restaurant to think that there are so many better restaurants more deserving of the higher ranking. Even just Italian ones. We are in no hurry to go back.
Fantastic food & service and also very good value for money. And also staff are very friendly and helpful with food suggestions
Although the outside of Fiddies made me question why I had been brought all the out to Swiss Cottage for what looked like a standard high street Italian, my worries were soon assuaged. The lovely guy, maybe he was Fiddie himself (maybe not, but why break the illusion?) chuckled as we ordered 3 starters to share as well as two pasta dishes. Not only was this the best Italian dining experience in London, I haven't been able to eat for the rest of the day - quantity and quality definitely matched! Price was so so good, we even got £1 refills for our wine, although not sure if that was standard or some kind of congratulatory mass-eating award. Definitely worth the trip, despite the dual carriageway in the background!
The bread basket was a joke. A few pieces of partially cooked bread that tasted like cardboard for 3.5£! The olives that came with it was of low quality and didn't taste good too. The olive oil tasted like vegetable oil. It probably was olive oil but was definitely of low quality once again. We were disappointed up to this point because the reviews talked so highly of this place. We were hoping that the pasta would help change the so far bad experience. The penne bolognese and lasagna were freshly made and delicious. Prices are reasonable too. I would go back just for the pasta!
Fantastic dinner at a packed out Fiddies last night (perhaps book ahead!). I chose the Carbonara and my partner a Tuna pizza which we both wolfed down. Lovely manager/owner made for a very welcoming environment. Bruchetta for starters was absolutely delicious and highly recommended. We'll be back very soon no doubt!
Had a quick dinner here while on a business trip in the UK. This place has reasonable prices and all the food is made fresh to order. Nice if you feel like pasta!
Very enjoyable evening spent at Fiddies while staying at the Marriott Regents Park. great food, enjoyed Fiddie's company and good wine. it is basic and not too inviting from the outside but the quality of food and service is fantastic, so make sure you go in. If we are back in the area will definitely return. go here and get a real London Italian experience rather than the chain food in the hotel.
Great Italian in Swiss Cottage area. Tried a little of everything and agree that that the pizza is perfect, great calamari, delicious fried courgettes and really good pastas. Great service and friendly staff as well.
Went here tonight with my family for tea during our London trip, we arrived slightly late for our reservation as we got a bit lost, it looks lovely from the outside and lovely on the inside a nice family run business. When we arrived there was a slight wait we were seated outside with a drink which was very refreshing in the hot weather and given a menu to browse while they sorted out a table for us. Staff at this restaurant were second to none you couldn't ask for better all were very very friendly and welcoming. My son had a kids pizza and said it was delicious my hubby had a Caesar salad and I had a calzone, I have to say this was the best calzone I have ever tasted it was so yummy and so big I didn't quite manage to finish it. We will definitely be visiting here again next time we visit London. Totally 100% recommend this restaurant and book a table so your not disappointed when you cant get in as its very popular!
My girlfriend and I visited Fiddie's a few weeks back and we both took an instant liking to this little gem. Very and authentic food. Service was fabulous.... was blown away by the charm of the owner. We will be visiting soon..
We were visiting London for few days and as italian couple we always looking for nice place where to go to eat.We found this place on trip advisor and we decided to try it and glad we did.The place is small in the overall and the staff very friendly, but we really enjoyed our food and atmosphere (full of Italians which is always a good sign).We met the Sicilian chef which surprise for us he was cooking but also talking and serving the customers.Everything was nice in a relax ambience with affordable prizes.We will definitely get back to this place as soon we will visit London againGrazie!
The food is really good and all the staff are lovely. We had the pizzas, but the tables next to us had pasta, which I will 100% go back to try as it looked amazing and the portions we're huge!
From the moment the phone was picked up to make the booking, the service was friendly and informal. I knew we were going to have a nice meal before going to Hampstead Theatre. And I was not disappointed. Its 5 (slow) mins walk from the theatre so perfect pre- show. Starter; Watermelon, feta & rocket salad - simple & full of flavour. Main course - pasta special of octopus, prawn and tomato over spaghetti all washed down with a bottle of Pinot Grigio. DELICIOUS. Freshly cooked, beautifully served and reasonably priced. I shall return so watch out Mr Fiddies.
We booked short notice for a Saturday night and the place was certainly busy when we arrived. It is only small and not fancy but the atmosphere is great. The owner is a character and a half and the Italian chefs produce some great food. We had garlic pizza bread, fried courgettes and spaghetti vongole and tagliatelle funghi. Portions were large and tasty. The wine was nice and we had a great evening. Would definitely return.
A very nice cosey restaurant,food quality is amazing for eating in and take away. Staff very friendly and welcoming.Definitely will return again.
My second visit to Fiddies and it didnt disappoint we were a party of four and had a mixture of pasta dishes and pizzas all were excellent .Although the food is great the star of the restaurant is the owner we were an hour late and yet he still kept our table for us and made us feel really welcome he was funny and attentive without being intrusive throughout the meal.As mentioned in other reviews dont be put off by the look of the place it looks very ordinary from the outside but certainly is not ordinary when it comes to the food and service if your visiting London make the effort to come out to Swiss cottage and try this place you won't be disappointed.
This is a small and simple restaurant conveniently located for Swiss Cottage/Finchley Road that serves up tasty pasta and pizza dishes with reasonable portion sizes and relatively low waiting times. The lunchtime specials can only be described as excellent value for money for London. Add to that friendly service from an owner (Fiddie himself) with a cheeky sense of humour and friendly banter, and it makes for an easygoing low-key lunchtime. For somewhere that provides good value for money in an unpretentious atmosphere without compromising quality, it is worth it. So if you happen to be in this area at lunchtime, it is highly recommended.
Had early eve meal before theatre. Starters and main course excellent. Recommend the fish. Service considerate and efficient (Hannah) enquired re ready for main course, so fish and veg cooked just right and not over done. Well done Hannah. Good value and better than usual chain Pizza places. Will be back.
We celebrated our son's First Holy Communion with who better than our lovely Neo at his lovely restaurant "Fiddie's"... What can I say.... The food, was delizioso,the staff are always lovely and the atmosphere was buzzing!! My son thoroughly enjoyed his day and we thank you for a wonderful time!! Love always the Andrews family X
We found this place on trip advisor and we ventured there... What a gem!!! Place is small but it felt like you're with family. Pasta was out if this world (even the gluten free one which is hard to do). Service just great. It is definitively a hit with wonderful prices. We couldn't find anything wrong with this place.
We had an early dinner on a Wednesday evening, by the time we left at about 6:30 the restaurant was buzzing.The menu is good with a wide range of pasta and pizza and meat and fish main dishes. I had the wholemeal penne with polpette which was very good with al-dente pasta. My wife had the Polletto Alla Diavola with salad, this was very good, the salad was very fresh and large.The staff were very friendly and the whole meal was very enjoyable. When my wife made a constructive comment the manager took it on board immediately.
Found this eatery by chance. Thank goodness for Trip Advisor.We received a very friendly reception by a man who we then got talking to & discovered he was the owner Fiddie. We had a good laugh whilst waiting for the food.HOT, FRESH, DELICIOUS & what's more a fair price & large portions.Compliments to ALL the staff. Lunch menu seems exceptional value, should you be able to make it. Will return soon. One tip, if driving go after 7pm when parking restrictions are over.
My friend booked a table here, and I was expecting the usual boring Italian food, but was very pleasantly surprised. My meal was very tasty and had lots of lovely vegetables in it. The service was excellent and the owner very friendly. The prices are also good for London! I definitely recommend this restaurant.
Went here after Hampstead Theatre, need to book as packed out. Really friendly service from all staff. Reasonably priced wine. Menu tipico italian, but thats what you go for. fresh cooked. Large portions. A delight.
I was looking for Italian food on my last night in London... and wandered down to this Italian restaurant as I was in the Swiss Cottage area and it opens till late. It's quite easy to miss this place, but once inside the decor and food felt right and reminded me of Italy. The hearty Italian owner hails from the South and served up a lovely pasta - I slurped up everything including the gravy.
Went yesterday for the second time. Food is indeed good and good value (fresh and generous portions) but it's good value for a reason. The service is chaotic and slow - genuinely nice and friendly chap in charge and makes an effort to get a good rapport going but the actual nuts and bolts of getting people seated, taking orders, delivering plates together is all over the place. The smile helps but an extra pair or two of capable hands would help. Also, both times I have been items on the menu have not been available which probably is a plus if its fresh fish ingredients they can't get hold off but whiles that's understandable on a Monday its a bit less so on a Saturday. Well worth a stop if local and we will go back but good food and value aside I think it's a stretch to say top 10 in London. That said all round its probably a 3 and a half in my book not a 3.
Found this excellent small restaurant while walking in the Swiss Cottage area. Excellent Italian food with a gracious host. I had the mussel pasta and others in my family had calzone and pizza.
I ate at Fiddies with my family. The service was decent and the food was fresh. We ordered the garlic bread, fried courgettes and bruschetta out of which the bruschetta was absolutely amazing.For our mains we ordered two pizzas and two pastas. I had the mushroom and chicken linguine. Everything tastes great save for the chicken which was definitely overdone and dry. The food my family had was really good.For dessert we ordered panna cotta , tiramisu, cheesecake. The tiramisu was my Favourite, so far the best tiramisu I have had this past year!Friendly local Italian eatery, great value for money and the portions are huge! The staff is all very friendly and helpful. Will definitely return for the tiramisu.
Where to start... We went to Fiddie's because of the very good recommendations here on tripadvisor and we have not been disappointed. Great italien food, friendly atmosphere, good prices and outstanding service. We had a really lovely evening and will for sure come back again!
We always try to eat here when we visit London. We are made to feel like one of the family. It's nice to sit down and relax into the atmosphere. Just go with the flow of the service and enjoy the experience - you will not be disappointed.
This restaurant is marvelous! It is small but clean and the service is great. The owner greeted us and made his rounds to find out if we were satisfied with our meals. The food was above average. They have gluten-free penne...just what I wanted. I will definitely pay Fiddie's another visit when I make my way back to London.
We were in London for one week and my wife would have made us go here every night if she had her way. Great Pizza, reasonable prices. Not many tables and they are popular so you may encounter a bit of a wait at peak times. If we make it back to London we we definitely go again.
Had a great time,friendly staff and nice atmosphere,loved the pizza,recommendations for this place!:)
The owner gentleman was very friendly and made our dinner experience fantastic! He gave great recommendations, food was super fresh!
We stayed in Belsize Park area and found Fiddie's our last night on Trip Advisor. The owner is very personable and the food was excellent. I am full Italian and am picky about eating Italian food out. We had pizza and a pasta dish. It was all wonderful and they made a pesto pizza for my daughter just the way she wanted it. Small place but by the crowd you can tell it was also a popular place. We were so thrilled with our meal that we told the owner of our Air B n B about it and she was looking forward to trying it out too.
We recently enjoyed dinner (twice!) at Fiddie's. The food was excellent. In particular, the tiramisu was the best I ever ate outside of Italy. The owner was very friendly and the atmosphere was great. To our pleasure, this was not a fancy restaurant, but it served great meals prepared with care. I'll be sure to return next time I'm in London.
Oh my god, what to say about this restaurant! I have never before left a restaurant feeling so happy! The portion sizes are huge, I had the veal special and my fiancée had a pizza, enough food to feed four! Very very good value for money. Very cosy as it only has 9 tables. But the thing that will make us return in the future is not the value, the food or the location (although all of these are a plus) but because of the host, I beleive he was the owner! I have never before seen customer service like this, he made everyone feel welcome and it was like he knew everybody! No matter where we stay in London on our next visit, we will be travelling up to Swiss Cottage just to eat here! 10 out of 10!
Loves this place. Small cosy restaurant. Well worth a visit, recommend booking a table if going peek times, or if there are afew of you. Only 2 of us and had no problems getting a Table, but was busy the whole time. People constantly coming in. Amazing food. Excellent prices. Lovely service. Defiantly planing to gonna back again.
This restaurant shows you it's not all about steep prices and fancy decorations to make it a really good restaurant. The owner is very friendly and made sure to ask us if everything was alright. The only thing was a bit drawback was the door that was open all the time, it made it a bit of a cold experience. Good food, wine and service make this a pleasant experience in overall. If we could give 4,5 we would probably do so.
We booked Fiddies for Friday night (26) and fell in love with the amazing atmosphere and food. Customer service was second to none and everyone there was having good time. Had already booked a table at another establishment but felt wouldn't get such good food, value for money or customer care so cancelled and rebooked at Fiddies. Again food superb and Manager very welcoming.Have eaten in many restaurants but this stands out as offering traditional food with the Italian welcome so often forgotten. Thank you so much for making our weekend away special.Will be back on another visit to London and will be telling all our friends.
Sober but cozy interior. Extremely nice service. This guy is soooo friendly. Pizza's were excellent. Prices are unbelievable (low). We are definitely coming back here. Signed, the pineapple lovers ;-)
Real italian food we read the reviews and they were right.WE will come back again the food was really nice,if you want to taste real italian food you should visit this restaurant.
Neo is a great host, very kind and helpful, we felt really welcomed. Food was amazing, really authentic Italian food, enjoyed every bites. I definitely go back.
Me and my girlfriend visited this restaurant last Friday evening and luckily we had booked a table as the place was full within 20 minutes of arrival. The restaurant itself is quite small and has a close knit feel which really helped the atmosphere. The owner of the restaurant was brilliant, very welcoming and attentive providing lots of laughs! He told us that people have travelled from all over the place, including Canada, when they've heard about the restaurant (!). The hosting was brilliant and the staff make you feel like a regular the second you walk through the door.For starter we had calamari and garlic bread with cheese which was really good with the garlic bread tasting quite like a margarita pizza which I wasn't complaining about. For main I decided to mix it up and go for a spaghetti bolognaise topped pizza (as seen on Trip Adviser!) to which the owner was very surprised and thought I wouldn't finish it off ;). My girlfriend got a 4 cheese pizza. Both tasted wonderful and you can tell the quality of the dough is so much better than your standard pizza joint.You receive mammoth portions but it's so good you can't help but finish it off! We paid £45 (including tip for 2 courses each and 4 drinks) which is an absolute steal for the quality of the food. The staffing at the restaurant is as good as the food and if I could give a higher mark than 5 stars I would. No doubt I will definitely be returning and would advise other reviewers to do the same.
Just north of the Swiss Cottage, on a busy street, in a cluster of Asian restaurants, Fiddie's was just the family friendly Italian we were looking for. Great pizza and pasta in a friendly atmosphere.
We found Fiddie's while staying in Belsize Park via Trip Advisor and we had a great night....even for a Tuesday! We arrived early for an 8:15 table and had to wait a short while for the previous diners to finish up but the owner was very welcoming and left us with menus to browse.We ordered our meals, 2 X Pizzas and a Pasta dish after having some Garlic Bread to start. Considering the kitchen had some electrical problems on the evening ( which were being fixed as we ate) the atmosphere was fantastic and we had a lovely family meal.....almost last out of the restaurant....following complimentary deserts for the wait and inconvenience of the delay-which we didn't really notice.Great food, great host and great atmosphere.....and found out that Fiddie's actually Greek.......Yammas and Buonissimo...from the Brummie 3.
It may be small, but Fiddie’s Italian Kitchen certainly packs a punch! Probably no bigger than your front room, if that, it feels almost like you are in someone’s home in this friendly, unfussy little restaurant. Always a good sign, it was completely full when we turned up on the spur of the moment at about 8:30 on Sunday evening. We had to wait a few minutes for a table but it was well worth the wait. The menu is extensive, with a wide range of typical Italian dishes, lots of pasta, meat and sea-food as well as pizzas, which looked fantastic. With so many tempting dishes on the menu, it was difficult to decide what to have, but we started our meal with zuccini fritti (fried courgette) and deep-fried calamari, both superb and extremely generous servings. The calves liver with sage was to die for and came with perfectly-cooked broccoli and potatoes; the seafood risotto was also excellent. Whilst the dessert menu is limited, the panna cotta topped with fresh strawberry sauce was so good that even I, not generally a panna cotta fan, enjoyed sharing my wife’s serving, whilst my serving of tiramisu was beautifully light but so large that we had to take two-thirds of it home for later.Fiddie’s has only been open for a few months, but by the look of it it’ll be here to stay – I certainly hope so, so I can keep going back to work my way through the menu!
After reading wonderful things about Fiddies, we decided to pay it a visit, the day before my daughters 18th birthday. We actually went for a takeaway but decided to sit down instead, and we were glad we did! Neo made my family feel so special! Firstly, I was worried that my six year old wouldn't eat again as she had not long eaten already, and just waste her food and my money. The lovely waitress said they would do some special pasta for her on the house! Then, Neo gave us a glass of wine on the house to toast my daughters birthday, followed by a surprise slice of the wonderful cheesecake with a birthday candle and the whole restaurant sang to her! The food is divine and we had such fun. We can't wait to go back!
We travelled over an hour by train for our family meal at Fiddie's on the strength of Trip Advisor recommendations and it met our expectations and more. We were a party of 6 with varying tastes and requirements and we were made to feel very welcome by everyone, especially Neo who was so friendly and accommodating he treated us like regulars and he personally made sure our evening was special. The food was superb and all plates we finished, (eventually) the portions are very generous!! The puddings were excellent and we all shared them between us, I'd highly recommend the cheesecake, although my sons voted for the tiramisu! We cannot recommend Fiddie's enough, if you love Italian there is no better place to go and we cannot to wait return. Thank you for a special family meal and for looking after us so we'll, the family from Weybridge! X
I had a pasta with pollo primavera sauce and it was really good! The fungi pizza was okay. Lovely people, very friendly.
Came here on a Friday evening for a catch up with a friend. I would definitely recommend making a reservation as it gets very busy and it's pretty obvious why. Firstly the decor and atmosphere is pretty simple, homely and relaxed. The service was OUTSTANDING, the staff were friendly, chatty and made us feel at ease, we were even given some free drinks!The menu has a variety of sauces and pastas (gluten free options too), pizza, risotto, meat, seafood and plenty of options for vegetarians. I chose the Scoglio (mixed seafood) linguine which was the most delicious Italian dish I have ever tasted. They did not skimp on the amount of seafood and the flavour was so delicate and delicious. My friend really enjoyed her avocado toast and the chef even added extra vegetables into her arrabiata penne dish to make it more substantial. We were stuffed from the starters and mains as the portions were generous but managed to share a tiramisu which was absolutely beautiful. The bill for two drinks, two starters, two mains and a dessert was just £40.I've already planned my next trip to this restaurant as I want to try out all the dishes on the menu and I'm so glad to have found a non-chain Italian restaurant to go to from now on. Dining here was really more of an experience that just a meal and I would recommend it to anyone :)
My wife and I were travelling in London and a friend recommended Fiddie's. The owner was extremely warm and welcoming and we enjoyed speaking to him. The food was excellent as well as the wine that was paired with the food. The owner also hooked us up with a nightclub and made us feel at home. We most certainly will return on future visits to London and would highly recommend it.
I almost let the look of the restaurant from the outside put me off, as it's a small, Intimate setting & I didn't want it to be non atmospheric and too quiet where you feel like your conversation will be heard by everyone. But this is not the case! The owner & waiters create such a fun bubblyAtmosphere & the service & personalisation is amazing. Free watermelon was handed out to everyone too. The food is the BEST Italian food I've tasted in a very long while. It's a shame I don't live local otherwise I'd be in there weekly!
Facing a major road so can be a lot of noise. Food good with nice portions. Friendly owner that served that night. The Limoncello was very good.
My partner and myself went to this restaurant, we found it through trip advisor. To be onest we didnt expect the restaurant to be very small, but actually is very simple, rustic and lovely. We sat down and had the menu. Ordered our meal, starter and main, and a lovely Gavi (white wine). To start we share a plate of Calamari fritti which from the taste we realize that they were fresh and not the usual frozen food. And as a main both of us order the livers "Fegato alla Veneziana". We were waiting a bit before were served, but it was very worthly: the meal was cooked after they called away the main, so very fresh cooked. And all the vegetables as well were fresh, nothing pre cooked. We saw a salad from another table and we did order one aswell, cause it looked amazing and it did. In the end we didnt have room for a pudding but the owner Neo offer us an amaro Ramazzotti on the rock. The bill wasnt expensive and we really enjoyed the dinner. I loved the fact that the chef Michele was talking and serving the customers. Next time we will come back to london we will definitely visit this place again. Thanks a lots for the lovely dinner!
We arrived on time but the table was being used. We saw they were busy (always a good sign) so we decided to wait outside at their table. 20 mins later, they came out with a glass of wine which was a nice touch and we were soon in thereafter. However it was worth it. The food was excellent and the service thereafter was on time and attentive. A great place to go and heartily recommended.
Always the best atmosphere so friendly and can definitely have a laugh amazing owners and lovely food X
every time i go to london i need to visit this restaurant.
i am not afraid to say that this guys make best italian food in UK..even better then italy :)
and allso with very good price :)
We had just gotten off a 12 day cruise where we were wined and dined in 5-star style. Now in London we had to find someplace to eat and Fiddie's was right around the corner from our Marriot. The restaurant is small - only 30 seats, but the menu offers a lot of variety and was just what we needed to recover from our post-cruise stupor. First, the garlic bread is served as pizza - yum! My husband had a veggie pizza and I had the Carbonara. Delicious! But the best part of Fiddie's is Fiddie himself! A great host who spends time with all his guests and introduces each other. You leave feeling like you've met a bunch of new friends. Not sure when we will be back to London, but we definitely book a table at Fiddie's when we return.
I came here for the lunch special on my last day in London. I was so glad I stopped here before my trip ended, because coming here definitely ended my trip on a high note. I had the spaghetti carbonara, which was amazing. Can't speak to authenticity since I'm not very knowledgeable about Italian food but I can guarantee its deliciousness. The house wine was quite good as well. I tried some of my companion's pasta (I think it was a chicken primavera?), and that was rather tasty as well. Food came quickly and the waiter and owner were friendly. I had a great chat with them during my meal.
We found this by accident wanting a quick meal before the cinema. The moment we walked in we were smiling. The owner made us feel like we were long lost family, he guaranteed we would be in and out in good time for the film (we were) and the atmosphere was lively and fun. The food was good (large portions) and well priced. In short, we loved it and we will definitely be going again.
The food had an amazing taste, the owner is very friendly and a great waiter. The mains were delicious: Lasagne and Penne with Pesto. All fresh and tasty. It's not expensive and worth every penny. We will return every month!
Had great pizza with the family. Kids pizzas were delicious and portion sizes perfect. Lovely homely atmosphere and friendly staff
I went to Fiddie's on Saturday evening with my girlfriend and another couple after seeing how highly they were ranked on TripAdvisor. It really didn't disappoint!Super friendly staff on the phone during the day to take my booking, and was able to get a booking on a Saturday night just hours beforehand!The food was absolutely delicious, and the portions were huge! The real surprise was when the bill came at the end - the prices are extremely fair!So happy that we found this place, and can't wait for our next visit! Fiddle, tyvm!
I expected a lot seeing all the great reviews for Fiddie. We had pizzas and a side salad. The pizza's were both great. The side salad was horrid as it was tired.and over salty. My guess would be they put dressing on the salad way too early and left it.
We left the house looking for a quiet drink and a small bite to eat. We walked into fiddles on the cuff and I'm thankful we did. Delicious wine, mouth watering food and superb hospitality. I will certainly be back for more next time.
Very good food, amazing service, HUGE portions, not expensive at all. Defiantly will come back and bring my friends as well!!!
Pitched up at 7 on a Bank Holiday Friday. Got a table. Service very friendly welcome. Service very good. The food - garlic bread, lovely bruscetta and various pasta and pizzas - all very nice.
Great value - £60 to feed and water a family of 4. Would definitely try and go again if visiting London.
We got there via trip advisor and it was great, the food was good and the service was even better! The owner didn't charge us for the drinks
Had a brilliant time at Fiddie's. The food was fresh and tasty. It was so refreshing to eat at a truly independent place where the staff and owners care about the customers and provide individual customer service. Highly recommended and will be back soon.
Lovely evening. Such a great host......couldn't do enough for us! Will definitely return again soon.
Went here a few weeks ago with my partner. Really lovely small restaurant with super friendly staff - makes you feel like you're at a local place with friends straight away. We ordered the antipasti, lasagne and liver. The mains were delicious and everything on the antipasti platter was really tasty, obviously well sourced, and with lovely olive oil!Overall, a very satisfying Italian meal in a really lovely environment.
We popped into Fiddies whilst staying in Swiss Cottage, London for the week. We were welcomed by the manager Neo with great warmth and a brilliant sense of humour! It was super hot in general this week and Neo could see I was struggling and turned the aircon on for me. We ordered a Diavola pizza and a Carbonara pasta dish, our food was delicious and definitely cooked in true Italian style! In a nutshell, excellent service, excellent food and excellent company!!
What a great experience in this unpretentious, cosy restaurant! A happy welcome from "Fiddie" himself. Really well cooked, flavourful food, served in generous portions, by Fiddie or his equally appropriately attentive colleague. No wonder those who hadn't booked last Saturday night, were happily waiting outside, or came back after having a drink elsewhere. The three of us had garlic bread; fried zucchini; mozzarella and tomato salad; calzone; pasta al funghi ( mushrooms in a rich, creamy sauce); chicken al funghi, with vegetables and roast potatoes; tiramisu and cheesecake. All home made. Washed down by a bottle of Chianti. So we had a good variety of food and what really struck us, apart from the generous portions, was the very high quality of the cooking and the flavour of the food. Well worth the visit.
We came across Fiddie's Italian Kitchen during our visit to London and boy were we happy about it. The pizza was the best we had during out trip and we visited multiple countries; the pasta was on point as well (we really enjoyed the carbonara). The host/owner was very friendly and even gave us a free round of drinks on 2 separate occasions. A true gentleman! I recommend Fiddie's to anyone who wants a great meal at a reasonable price. FYI he is a big ELVIS fan :)
Very high levels in all areas. The staff are attentive to the smallest of details. Moreover, they are exceptionally knowledgeable about the lItalian food and ingredients. Perfect Pizza, Pasta and Salads. Outstanding service!!!! Looking forward to get back!
Popped by a fortnight ago and couldn't get in, such was the success of this small, friendly restaurant. The proprietor was jovial, warm and made our Father's Day evening very special. Book and enjoy home made, freshly cooked food and faboulous portions. Well done!
Excellent service and the food was lovely with big portions. It was good value for money with a great and friendly atmosphere. Would definitely come again.
My wife, son and myself visited Fiddie's after making a booking on line. It was almost full but a table was found. It is a small restaurant and a little too noisy for my taste. The owner Fiddie was very welcoming and took our order promptly. The food was very good, very generous portions (too much for my wife and I). Fiddie talked with us as it was our first time. Good value for money. Highly recommended.
Very welcoming,consistently great food and service. Been back several times during our stay in London. Higly recommended !!!! Just one advice book before to avoid disappointment.
Clooney family
I was greeted by Fiddie and immediately felt welcomed. The pizza was amazing and a good portion for one or even two people.
Top class. Nice staff. Recommend the diavola pizza with the buffalo mozzarella. Nice atmosphere and quick service makes this a great local spot
Food is always very very good, and value for money I don't think you can find better value & food at these prices, any black cab drivers who want really good fresh food & prices check it out, you won't be disappointed
Went to Fiddies due to an excellent reputation for being fantastic food, great personal service and all at a reasonable price. We were not dissapointed!Myself and my partner had excellent bruschetta starter (which for us were large enough to share). Followed by two of the freshest, tastiest pizzas we had ever had. The price for what we got was excellent value.Fiddies is a small restaurant but packs big taste and value. This is compounded by the excellent wait staff who were attentive and very friendly. We throughly enjoyed the banter. The decor is nice and simple. Now one of our favourite restaurants! Would thoroughly recommend.thank you Fiddies!(The Norfolk students, visited 08/05/2016)
Relieved to find an independent Italian eatery just when we needed one. Great value for money and very personable service. Lovely decor with a clean, fresh atmosphere. Definitely planning to return as the location works well for me!
Based entirely on the reviews we booked a table for 5 for a pre-theatre dinner, but when we got there we were puzzled to find a small cafe, with dirty, plastic-topped tables and a manager/owner clearly not ready for us. He wiped a couple of tables and pushed them together but there were no menus, tablecloths, cutlery, glasses etc and the door was wide open to the pavement. After some hurried consultation we left and found somewhere more appealing down the road. The food may well be amazing but I'm afraid we didn't wait to find out.
I got there via TripAdvisor and some friends of mine came with me also.I must say this is the best place in London for pizzas, tiramisù and pasta I ever visited. Pretty much better the Fratelli La Bufala and Bravi ragazzi, no competition with Franco Manca: it'll loose. I am Italian, trust me and above all trust them! Best quality service, kindest owner ever, great staff and amazing proper Italian food. If you want a very taste of Italy just get there and let your taste buds go crazy.
The food is amazing the price even better and the service comes with a smile and a few jokes thrown in. It's a little gem on Finchley Road pizza is amazing, starters and main courses fab can't ask for more!
I like quite a lot italian restaurants, but I must admit that this one really surprised me. The quality of the food was very good, and exceed my expectations.
Restaurant is quite small, but service is really fast.
Brilliant find. Generous portions, deliciously authentic food. Shared the antipasti as a starter - absolutely tremendous.
Great place, lovely owners and very good atmosphere. Had some pizzas and drinks, very reasonably priced and would highly recommend
Love this place! Friendly staff-always a great atmosphere-The best pizza in London made from Enkel????????????????????????????
Found it on trip adviser and decided to go try it while we were down in London. We loved it. Food was cooked perfectly and was fresh. You are made to feel very welcome. Will definitely go back next time we are in London.
Judging by the queues waiting in the evening this is a very popular restaurant.WE have bisited several times at luch time.There is a special offer, which is extremely ogood value.The Cypriot owner is veyr friendly, might as well be Italian!He creates and great atmosphere and remebers his cusomers even if they only visited once.
We went on Saturday evening and we had 2 pizzas (margherita and 4 stagioni). As an Italian I cannot really appreciate the quality and I am very puzzled by the high ranking. The most important thing in the pizza is the bread. The problem in this pizza is that the bread is so different from the original pizza that you can barely call it pizza: too dried inside and you can almost taste the raw dried flour. I'm wondering what is the problem because here in London I found this problem often. Maybe are they using self-rising flour? Another thing: no Italian restaurant would serve the pizza already cut. The place is nice and it looks Italian, maybe the pasta is good but my experience with the pizza was disappointing.
The food was super delicious and the owner, Mr Fiddie, was very welcoming and friendly. My husband had the pizza and I had the pasta. The portion were very generous and excellent value for money. We will definately be coming again, but with friends and family. Thank you for having us.Love the "beautiful wife of the Anaesthetist"
I am from Austria and know what good food means. Yesterday I was at Fiddie`s with my son and his girlfriend. Great experience: very good Italian food, outstanding friendly atmosphere, charismatic chief (Neo) who gives you the feeling that you are not only his best guest but also a very good friend. After this heartily presented delicious dinner I decided to cancel my booking at another Italian restaurant for today and to visit again Fiddies. The welcome by Neo was overwhelming, the food as good and abundant as yesterday. Additional my friend and I discovered the charm of Neo`s waitress Emma. Eventually I promised to visit this excellent Italian restaurant again as soon as I am back in London. The question is why: because of the food, because of Neo or because of Emma? The answer is: because of all of them!Franz
I stay away from home in London during the week for work, staying often at the Marriott in Swiss Cottage. One of the hardest things is finding good, healthy food as good as the best you can cook at home. If you find it, it means when you return home at the weekend, you don't mind going out for a meal with the family so much. This is that place for me. I had the lasagne for my main, it was as good as the lasagne I have eaten in Rome. Even the bread basket to start, perfectly toasted with good quality olive oil and balsamic to dip.On top of that, the service is exceptional. Don't be fooled by such a small place, it's like eating in a friend's lounge.And if I can't be bothered to leave the hotel, they will deliver it around the corner for me. Try it, it's worth it.
Londoners, make time to visit Fiddie's. The service we received was exceptional from the moment we walked in. The manager leads the staff in providing customers with a personal dining experience - welcoming, sociable and attentive. The menu is very diverse (as a vegetarian there were plenty of options). All the food was great quality, nicely presented, served quickly, and excellent value for money. The most striking feature of this place is that the staff genuinely seem to be passionate about the restaurant and enjoy delivering great customer service. Be sure to book ahead though - there were people queuing by 8:30pm.
I would say average is a bit unfair but next up is very good and it certainly wasn't that . If good had been there I would have chosen it . I had pan fried mushroom followed by the sirloin steak and ten tiramasu . The first and last course were very nice the mains ok but have had better steak . Value for money was pretty good ( about £65 for the 2 of us inc wine ) . Not sure i would go back if in the area I would consider it but doubt I would go out my way , top 10 restaurant ( it was rated so at time ) def not .
This was my third visit to fiddies Was just walking by with my son and thought we could quickly have the lunch deal,This was the best pizza I've had in years....We shared a pizza and a pasta Pasta with meatballs was greatAnd the pizza " ivana" I think it was called was just lovely,The sun was shining so we sat outside and had a cold Peroni, I can highly recommend this place and will be back again and again,Great value lunch deal too at 6.95/6.95 with a beer or soft drink
This is my 9th time & everytime the food is outstanding.
I went with 2 of my friends & said it was a 10/10
The desserts are made in house & are superb
Great value for money
Neo (boss) is very funny
You have to book a table as it is always packed
Had to wait for a table but definitely worth the wait. Food really delicious, served piping hot. All tasted very fresh, like home cooked. It's so busy here, so next time will book! Try it, you won't be disappointed ! Staff very friendly and welcoming too.
We, three Italians, went there for dinner after reading good reviews on an Italian newspaper. The food is absolutely delicious, the staff is very friendly and the chefs very good indeed to produce such authentic tasty Italian food! The decor of the restaurant is simple and modern but lacks a bit of "ambience". Other than that, it's a great place to have lunch or dinner there. Well done!
Really warm friendly atmosphere, good food at a good price! The staff took good care to explain which menu items were ok for our son, who's got allergies. Great way to end our long day of London sight-seeing.
The food is delicious and fairly priced. They treat you like family- felt like we stepped into the family kitchen. The portions are large so come with an appetite!
Visited this lovely restaurant for dinner on a Monday night - and it was buzzing! The owner, Fiddie, is the star of the place, and invites guests in warmly with a huge smile and great banter.The food is fresh and tasty - my husband had a pizza and I chose a pasta - both generous sizes and really flavoursome. Really enjoyed the restaurant, hospitality and food - and we will definitely be visiting again!
Great food at a great price. Guaranteed to walk out with a smile. I have lived around the area for quite a while now and feel like this is one of the best restaurants around. When I heard it was on deliveroo I was ecstatic!
Saw the positive reviews and thought I'd check it out on a recent visit to London. Food was fantastic, ministrone soup was one of the best I've tasted and spaghetti Napoli had a lovely rich sauce. Customer service was very attentive without being over powering. You could see how popular it is because people were queuing out the door. Will definitely visit again. Thanks for a great meal.
My boyfriend and I went to Fiddies's Italian last Sunday. We previously went there and because it was such a good experience we wanted to come back.As a starter we ordered antipasto- it was simply delicious! It is a big portion and the meat is really tasty. I ordered the Pesce pizza and it was really good. My partner ordered Spaguetti Carbonara and again, really tasty.This is the second time we go to Fiddie's and I am sure we will be back very soon!!! Thank you so much- the service was really good and very quick!!! P.S lovely limoncello on the house!! :)
For a deservedly busy restraint the service couldn't have been betterThe food was standard fare but good.
This is the latest highly rated italian place which has shot to a high position on trip adviser's ratings, but without really meriting it. The pleasant owner is obsessed with Trip Advisor and urged me to write a review. We had an ok time and we had a small discount without asking for it (although this was appropriate in all of the circumstances). My wife's pizza was not to her taste, my pasta was quite good. Avocado on toast was quite nice. we were kept waiting for a table although we had booked and after that the service was slow. It is seriously overrated here,
Went as a family of four. We had both pizza and pasta which were great! Fresh ingridients made on the spot. Great service by Fiddie the owner!!
We went to Fiddie's with a couple of friends yesterday. We ordered some started and pizzas as well. Food was excellent and staff was kind and friendly, creating a very warm atmosphere. We will go there again for sure!
If you're looking for an unhurried, friendly place with seriously excellent food, this is the place for you. Amazing pizza, cannot recommend highly enough! Will be back again soon!
Had another great meal here again one of our go to restaurant in london on a friday night if we are in town.Never had a bad meal always same quality.see you soon!
The place to go whenever you want to eat something really well prepared in a nice place. Staff is friendly and smiling. Pizza is simply gorgeous.
Well done Fiddie.
This is by far the best pizza I've ever tasted, and service was pure class. I will return every time I come to London! This was an experience and a proof that good service does well to your mood as well. Cheers!
Had a great dinner at this place, very tasty. But also very generous and friendly staff with a sence of humor. My girlfriend is allergic to strawberries and they did everything they could to help us with the cheesecake topping. If we ever come back to London suisse cottage we'll definetly come back here. Oh and the rest of the meal was also deliciouss. Olivier and Lieselotte aka strawberrygirl for the staff. from Belgium. Thank you! @Fiddie's
I am not really a fan of Italian food but I went here begrudgingly as my partner loves Italian. They do gluten-free pasta which was even better as he suffers from IBS. We were made to feel welcomed as soon as we walked through the door! The food was so delicious and tasty! Hands down the best Italian food I've had in London! Fiddie was so lovey constantly making sure we were okay and chatting to us. I didn't even realise he was the owner till we were about to leave. Homemade Italian food with generous portions and changed my whole perception of Italian cuisine! I don't think I could eat anywhere else now!!!! Even writing this review is making me crave it againAMAZING GUYS!!!!
I really enjoyed the time in Fiddies! Nice food and nice people I hope to visit Fiddies when I am back to London someday!
My neighbour recommended this place to me. She said they loved the food and the owner was a real character. I normally avoid Finchley Road (about the only place I'll willingly eat at is Sprinkles Gelato) so I hadn't seen this tiny new spot. They had tables on the sidewalk, but since this was the first warm night of the season, they were all taken - no matter, we preferred to sit inside anyway. We hadn't reserved but luckily there was 1 table available. Choice of pasta and choice of sauces - which I actually prefer. Excellent bruschetta - overflowing with ripe tomatoes. Pizzas coming out of the pizza oven in front of the kitchen looked good, too. Very friendly service, and the owner is attentive and fun - joking around with both guests and staff. We'll definitely be back - and we know now it's best to book!
I came to London on a day visit and stumbled across fiddie's, It provides fantastic food and great entertainment! Would definitely come back again, especially to see the lovely mr Fiddie himself!!!!
My first visit to 'Fiddie's' was a Monday evening at 7pm with my cousin. Booking is advised as the restaurant is small. The interior is simple and modern so it gives a clean look, you don't feel crammed once inside too. As you may have seen from the menu online, the number of dishes are not overwhelming which is a positive thing to see from a restaurant with this size. There is one server who pretty much runs the whole floor. You would feel welcome and I must say is one of those waiters who knows how to bring a smile to your face. The Starter Pan Fritto Funghi all'Aglio - Pan fried mushrooms with garlic and chillies, in a tomato sauceThe starter arrived with the sauce sitting on a crusty slice of bread that had been grilled. The portion was spot on and was full of textures and flavours. You will be offered pepper on it and it's worth to add a little in it. Calamari Fritti - Deep fried calamari served with tartar sauceBy first glance you can see that these are larger than usual calamari rings and you'll realise how it has been freshly battered and deep fried to perfection. There is every crisp and crunch in them with homemade tartare sauce to accompany with that lemon. Both starters overall were presented nicely and cleaned out the plate.MainsLinguine Vongole By this time, it was practically a full house and orders from other diners were coming in fast. This delayed the wait for our Linguine Vongole but once it arrived after what felt like a 20min wait, it was nice to see a large portion with the additional seasoning of pepper and parmesan cheese. The chef would cook this dish in a way where the customer would adjust the salt level to their liking (thumbs up) Unlike other restaurants where I've eaten this same dish, this Linguine Vongole isn't swimming with oil and water but it has just enough to keep the pasta moist. I loved the size of the portion and it was made to perfection once again.DessertBy the end of the Mains, our bellies were stuffed. No dessert sadly as I was looking forward to it. There will be next time! I would recommend to visit this place. Overall, the evening went beautiful with quality food, good service and nice atmosphere. However, it can be a little noisy as it's on a main road but that's the only fault I could find which isn't within their control. Other than that, I would recommend visiting this place and trying it out. Many thanks and see you again soon.
I went back to Fiddies for an early dinner with my mum & sister, totally outstanding food. Great service by Emma & Neo, the chef visited our table to ask us if everything was ok. We had mussels, kalamari, courgettes, garlic bread, for starters then for main, we had chicken escalope with fettuccini carbonara followed by tiramisu, panna cotta
Find a good Italian restaurant in London is not easy at all, if also cheap it is an extremely rare event! I have been here several times in different occasions. Warmly suggested to the simple Italian-food lovers. The chef Michele is a genuine and professional person, he often comes to take reservations directly to your table and he is willing to find the most customized solution for every client. Also the owner is really welcoming and friendly. I suggest main courses such as Parmigiana, Scoglio and Mushrooms. As the place is really tiny I recommend everybody to book a table in advance. Finally, they have many orders from Deliveroo and that may slowdown the kitchen but only occasionally. However, overall my feedback is excellent. Well done and see you soon guys!
We wanted to try somewhere different so took the tube to Swiss Cottage. The restaurant is not muck to look at, but inside is s warm welcome. Staff seem happy, laughing and joking. The food was good by any standard and excellent for the prices. Would recommend this place to anyone who is interested in good Italian food.
Went for the first time yesterday, after reading others' reviews. It's a weeny, modern, lively, genuine Italian trattoria serving excellent home-style pasta and pizza dishes, as well as some more formal meat/fish/veggie options. I never go for pizza: it's either too soggy and floppy or too crisp with no body but I had to nick some from my fellow diners who'd chosen it to nibble as a starter, and it was perfectly textured and straight from a very well-balanced oven: crisp in the middle but deliciously lightly doughy round the outside. The pasta was perfect: choose what kind of pasta, choose what you wanted with it. I chose risotto! When it came Fiddie (more about him in a bit) told me the chef was worried he'd over-salted it, so please would I just taste it and they'd be happy to provide me with a replacement. Well, it was a tad salty, but not enough to stop me adding more salt care of the very generous servings of parmesan that we were offered. Everything else about it from the nutty texture, the perfect consistency, to the flavoursome porcini mushrooms was yummu. The pudding menu was limited but only two of us still had space for pudding. They both chose the cheesecake (I'd have gone for the chocolate cake if I'd only had room!) and of course I sampled my neighbour's with, I think, his permission. The 'cheese' bit was delicious, as was the just perfectly sweet and sour topping. Can't tell you what it was, because when we asked what it was, Fiddie informed us that it was 'red'. That bit we could see for ourselves. Our lunch was accompanied by two glasses of Trebbiano, a large bottle of sparkling water, and a glass of red. And the bill was less than forty quid!!!!! How does that work in London - or anywhere else, for that matter??? Now to Fiddie: I think I read in one of the reviews that they found 'the staff' (that's Fiddie at front of house!) rather unfriendly. I can only assume they mistook Fiddie's insouciance and deadpan manner as stand-offishness!!! He's hilarious, but at the same time brisk, efficient and certainly ... friendly! I maybe wouldn't go here for a sophisticated evening to show off my extensive knowledge of the latest fads in cuisine, but for a delicious, extraordinarily well-priced meal to relax and gossip over with friends - which is what we were doing prior to going to the theatre afterwards - it was perfect. So well done, Fiddie and the chefs in the kitchen. You've created a little Italian gem.
Following a very warm welcome, we went on to have a fantastic meal-tasty food, generous portions, amazing value. Definitely recommend a visit. The team at Fiddie's were first class too.
Fiddie's restaurant is the ideal place to have an excellent Italian meal, in friendly surroundings at a price that won't break the bank. It was the first time we dined there and we were warmly greeted. The pasta was terrific and the portions large, more then I could eat. Fiddie himself served us and chatted and made us feel at home. The place is small so you may have to wait for a table but it is certainly worth it.
What can I say? 5 stars really doesn't do justice to the warm welcome given to all guests. We visited this restaurant to celebrate my birthday. Soft drinks were free for the kids & staff even went to the bother of singing happy birthday & presenting me with cake. Food was delicious & service was second to none. If you're in the wider London area this place really is worth travelling to. Thanks Leo & Lisa for a wonderful evening!
We ate here on a family trip to London. Excellent restaurant with good food she very friendly staff.m Would definitely recommend a visit
Near the swiss cottage, Simple and good Italian restaurant. Pleasant serivce, large portions. They also serve gluten free manu
Working in the area and popped in for my tea. Brilliant Menu, excellent service. The food was fantastically portioned and the beer was nice cold and crisp. This place is a hidden gem of London to eat in.
I visited this Italian restaurant during my recent business trip to North London. Appetizers and main dish excellent. Loved the fish. This place has ok prices and all the food is made fresh to order. Owner was a nice guy that walked up to our table and welcomed us. Overall-great Italian food with great service in modern looking space.
Went there for the second time today. Every time I am around Finchley Road, I will think of Fiddie's. The food tastes amazing. The pasta and pizza are so fresh. You can come for the lunch deal which is only £6.90 that includes any pizza or pasta and a soft drink. This is now my favourite Italian place in London. Also, they do deliveroo! Definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a great quality authentic Italian food with reasonable price!
We traveled from east London to Fiddie's as an early Father's Day meal after reading the excellent reviews. They were all correct! We shared the starters but we were given enough to share between the three of us without asking. We had pizzas for main which tasted fresh and were just the right size. All the staff were very accommodating and friendly, they bent over backwards to make sure that everyone received a personal service. You cannot get that kind of service that they offer in the large chain restaurants. We will definitely be returning!
Went to Fiddie's last night. Was full with a great atmosphere. Food was great, service as well. Would recommend.
Small place in Camden, friendly staff, quick, clean, marvelous food, glorious pasta al dente, big portions and finaly, nice price. Could you ask for more?
Good was great, very friendly staff great service. Place is easy to miss but well worth a visit if you've got the time and food is decently priced.
Small very friendly restaurant situated on Finchley Road. Staff, food and atmosphere excellent. Extensive menu, Great value for money. Highly recommended.
We love real Italian food. Even though it's easy to copy in looks. It's hard to find the real Italian taste. Well in Fiddie,s you get both. Great looking & tasting Italian food. We had pasta & pizza & they were both really good. I have paid a lot more up west for so called Italian food. But they weren't even close to real Italian food. If you love Italian, then get down to Fiddie,s & fill your boots. You won't be let down on the food or the price.
Ok, slight exaggeration! But I had driven to Heathrow from Swansea to collect my fiancée in the morning from airport! Rather then sit in the hotel room all night Trip advisor recommended Fiddies as the best pizza place in London! It was still a good 2 1/2 round trip but was well worth it! Great friendly staff and fast service! The pizza was one of the best I've eaten!
The owner has been extremely friendly and the food (especially pasta) was great. What else can you ask for? Definitely would come again.
Went there today for lunch,busy and good food special lunch deal was very good value.Owner on site and very attentive and friendly.Nice little find and I will return with my family soon.Keep up the good work.
Great food and staff. We will definitely return. Fiddie greeted us with prosecco for both of us and finished a great meal with tiramisu.
I travel to London often alone and it can be a little daunting , dining in the eve. I had just been turned away from the Italian down the road as obviously they wanted the table for two- not one diner... I walked a while further to try my luck ...... Fiddie welcomed me ... I told my tale .. He sat me down said I was most welcome ... The ambiance was so lovely . I had Prawn cocktail .... delicious juicy, fresh prawns ... Then possibly the best Carbonara I EVER had including in Rome and Napoli .... I had fab House dry white to go with it ...This is such a find ... Fab owner...Fab chefs... and if EVEN possible The most authentic and best Italian Homemade deserts ... 10/10.
We went to Fiddie's for dinner tonight. They definitely deserve their ranking. The food was delicious and the service was very friendly. Highly recommend it
We popped in on recommendation and Fiddie's did not disappoint. We arrived for a quick and early supper and were greeted warmly by Fiddie and his staff. Our pizzas arrived quickly and were delicious. As we needed to be we were in and out in an hour and when we left the restaurant was full and rightly so. We would certainly go back and highly recommend a visit here.
Great value Italian food with friendly service. All the food tasted great and the portions were generous.
Visited for the second time and was hoping that I wouldn't be disappointed, as I enjoyed Fiddie's so much the first time. I wasn't at all disappointed! Both times the food has been lovely and the service was excellent. Will be back for a third time, as soon as I am back in London!
I really liked this restaurant and the owner is a real character. The food is delicious and accommodates gluten free as well. I liked it so much I went twice in one week. I'm so happy to have discovered this place and would happily go again and again.
As long standing locals very happy to recomend Fiddies. Great food. Great atmosphere. Always a friendly atmosphere - the best anti pasti in town - delicious...
Came here for dinner on a Sunday evening.Very friendly atmosphere, and the food was amazing. Being vegetarians sometimes there is limited choice but not here-there was plenty to choose from. Would definitely recommend to friends and family and will be coming again
The food is authentic and tasteful and the personel is very friendly. We will come back. It was our second visit today and the special dishes; watermelon salad and mixed fish were both excellent. The pizzas for the kids were also a hit.
No frills Italian Cafe / Restaurant serving great pasta at reasonable prices for Hampstead. Generous portions - I had a super Minestrone Soup which was a meal in itself followed my seafood linguine - both excellent - This was my second visit here and did not disappoint Busy at lunchtime the service is friendly and the food is freshly cookedWould like to come back in the evening to sample one of the fish dishes which was not avalailable at lunchtineMisses out on the 'excellent' rating as i was gasping for a cup of italian coffee and they had no coffee as the coffee maker was caput!
Ate here recently and have to say I don't understand how this is Number 10 out of 20,000+ restaurants in London?? Staff were friendly enough and prices reasonable but I didn't walk away saying "wow" to myself and thinking I can't wait to eat there again. I always use TripAdvisor when looking for somewhere to eat whilst away with business and have to say, I got excited when I found a Top 10 in the whole of London was nearby! Pretty disappointed. I also asked for a VAT receipt and was told they're not VAT registered yet as they have only been open 2 weeks yet there's reviews on here from 6 months ago? Maybe my fault for thinking all eat in restaurants had to be VAT registered?Food wasn't bad, problem was it was average and I expected more from a Top 10 restaurant.
Booked Fiddie,s based on location and reviews as we were staying in Swiss Cottage area for concert at Wembley. Do not be put of by humble appearance of the restaurant, the quality of service, food and wine were all outstanding as was the value especially for London.Highly recommend the bruschetta (best I have had anywhere) but make sure you share it or you may not have room for the stunning tiramisu.See you again next time we venture from Lincolnshire to London
Good was good and the service was friendly if a little slow. Place was busy and had a good atmosphere.
Went there for the first time yeaterday before an event at Central College of Speech and Drama. It's a very small and informal place, don't expect fine dining or grand surroundings and decor, but the atmosphere is great, The pizza was one the best my wife and I have had in a long time, and Fiddie himself is a great host offering great service. Overall I recommend the place.
Lovely little place between Finchley Rd and Swiss Cottage Tube Station.A warm welcome from the owner and host followed by hearty fresh italian fare.An Italian Restaurant that will not break the bank.
Great little restaurant close to Swiss Cottage tube. My work colleague and I had their brilliant lunchtime special at just £7.95 per head. I had fresh pasta with Italian sausage and chilli and my colleague had a salami pizza - one drink each included and I also had an espresso, on the house. Food very fresh and lovely flavours. House red wine as good as any I've had and service exemplary. Highly recommended and at half the price of the utterly dreadful 'italian' I suffered recently on the Cromwell Road this place restored my faith in great value, high quality Italian food in London.
Visited a few moths back, but only now got a chance to write this review... Despite a while since, still look back at this great experience - fine hospitality and atmosphere, delicious food.
Fiddies is absolutely amazing! The food is spectacular and Fiddie's service is overwhelming! See you again, hopefully real soon!
It was a pleasure to eat here. The food was tasty, served piping hot and generous! All the staff are courteous and professional. Fiddie's takes pride in simple Italian fare, cooked to perfection! It is a great find in North London, and we can't wait to return for more!
The reviews on tripadvisor for Fiddie's had been great, and a friend of mine had recommended this too.We arrived to a warm welcome from a happy, smiling manager/owner(?) and instantly felt at home.In terms of food, we shared the avocado bruschetta for our starter - an innovative dish that we hadn't had before in an Italian restaurant.For mains, we both ordered pizzas. These were good, but our friend had compared them to the likes of Sacre Cuore/ Santa Maria etc., and I'd say they weren't quite of that standard.However it was a lovely local restaurant and great value.
I can't really fault this place if you want some good Italian classics including pizza at a reasonable price in casual surroundings. Owner run and slightly chaotic add to the charm but the quality of the food is excellent and very reasonable. It's not the kind of place to linger for a 2 hour dinner. That's not its point. It's pretty fast but very good Italian cooking. Recommended.
The food was absolutely fantastic!!! The service was outstanding and enjoyable. Excellent portion sizes. I would highly recommend to you to go.
Overall a nice place.
Food ok. Good service and staff. Very warm inside with the oven being open from time to time (couldn't see it but could feel it!) so don't choose a table too much in the back. Price of food honest. Wine a bit expensive I guess to compensate.